

 Hi, Pete. Thanks very much for joining us. Obviously, I was pleased to receive an invitation from, I think, one of your girls, Georgie, I think, just to say, maybe pop along and have a chat.



 Yeah.



 Okay, so for those of you that don't know him, and I don't know him either, so we're going to get to know this guy. This is Pete Stone, and you have a sovereign project. That's what it's called, isn't it?

 That's right, yeah, sovereign project. This was set up in 2021, although I've been working on this project for a very long time.



 I woke up a long time ago, probably in the 80s, I knew something was very wrong. And then with the invention of the internet, if you like, that's when I started my research in the early 90s. So I knew something was wrong. I knew that the lockdowns were coming in 2020, so I was trying to warn people about that.



 But anyway, so 2021, I thought, right, I tried different approaches. I tried all sorts of things trying to get this information out to everybody. Then I thought, right, I'm going to set up the sovereign project.



 So the way it works is that, or the way it happened was that I was watching what was going on with all the lockdowns in 2020. And I saw people panicking over mandates. Okay, they're going, oh, I'm being mandated to have a medical procedure to wear a mask, all this sort of stuff. And I was going, don't these people understand how contract law works? You can't be mandated without a contract, you must have agreed to the mandate in advance. And then the mandate can be applied to you. So I thought, I've got to get this information out to people. So I set up the sovereign project, we set up a website.



 And I hold a workshop here every week, we just moved to a new venue, and it's on every Thursday. So every Thursday evening, we go through a certain topic. And really, it's set up for someone who's new to this. Okay. In 2020, a lot of people woke up. So they woke up to something that's very wrong. And they started to panic, and then they realized they didn't know anything. And unfortunately, they went out there, the I think what it was is people were looking at what they thought was law, which is actually government legislation. And they thought this is something wrong with this. So they thought, well, I'm going to go out there and find this magical common law. And then this common law is going to save me. And a lot of people getting caught up in this and getting caught into traps and ending up in a terrible mess. So the sovereign project really is to help people



 to put them on the right path. So they can spot where the traps are. So they can spot where all the scams are. So give them the basic knowledge to understand how contracts work. In fact, what we do is we teach people how to read for the first time.



 Because people don't know how to read. So when they can

 just a contextual, contextualize. Yes. When you say read, what do you mean by read?

 Yes.



 They can recognize text on a piece of paper or on a screen, but they don't know the meaning behind the words.

 Yeah.

 So they don't understand like the word resident or occupier. For example, a lot of these people were receiving mail in the potion. It said to the occupier and they thought that was them. And I know your name's not occupier. Okay. Occupier is a legal title. And it actually means taking over property like you're like someone seizing a country. So under occupation. Okay. That's the way that that word is used.



 So people don't know the meaning behind words. You don't understand what the word register means. Okay. Cause if you register anything, you're handing over ownership and the average person doesn't know that. In fact, the average person didn't know what the word license meant. Okay. So that means asking permission from someone else. That's what you're under license. You can use the thing or do the thing on the, you know, cause you've been given permission. So people don't even understand what license means. People didn't even understand the difference between lawful and legal. So they're in a terrible mess.



 So we go through that. So we teach you how to read. And when we say we teach you how to read, um, there's symbolic language and then there's language that you read as in the English language. So the English language is something that you read. So C a T cut after that's reading. It's like music cut after you're reading it where symbolic language is you recognize the symbols like hieroglyphics. And then that symbol means something like a cat, a picture of a cat that means cat, for example.



 And the way government agents and corporations, what they're doing is they're writing to people, um, basically the writing articles, which means artificial document, if you like. And what they're doing is they're sending out documents with, um,



 with symbolic language on the paperwork, which is not English, but people are reading it as English and they're getting into all sorts of trouble. For example, if you get one of these fake council tax court summons, uh, it will say someone to court, but it would be written in all caps and you go, well, if it's written in all caps, that's not English. That's maybe dog lapping or American sign language or some sort of symbolic language, but people are reading that as English. So



 yes. So we go through that. We try to teach people how to read. Uh, we teach them about the four corners rule, um, all this sort of stuff, um, how, uh, different fonts mean different meanings, that sort of stuff. So you get that idea. And then we, so just, just like, so different fonts, different fonts, different meanings. Yes. So, uh, italic, for example. So if you see italic writing, which is writing that slanted, um, this comes from, um, the court system. So for example, um, a judge,



 if he, if he was actually reading an original document in the courtroom and he wanted to make a note on that document, he would write it in italics. Now the reason it's written in italics would mean that is the note of the judge and it's not part of the original document.



 So if you see any italics on a document that sent to you from the government and then the italics is not part of that document, he's off the page if you like.

 Can you give us an example of a government document that contains italics? I'll be honest. I must admit, I don't, not that I've necessarily tried to remember that actually italics, but I don't, I can't off the top of my head think of any kind of government documents which have got italics in which

 documents would typically have italics in. Yes. You'll get it in, um, forms sent from like council tax stuff. There'll be a parking ticket, speeding tickets, you'll see stuff written. So what will happen is in the sentence it'll be written in one font and then the font will change. Right. So if you see that on a document, then it's italics also bold is another thing. If they've changed the font, so it's a normal font and then they changed the font to bold, they're changing it again.



 The different sizes of the fonts also has a meaning in the language as well. So that changes the document.



 So all this is like, um, hidden, it has hidden meanings and, but people are reading it as, as, um, as English. So what I'm trying to do is watch out for that. So if you see any of that on any documents that are sent to you in the post, normally it's, um, sent in a windowed envelope. Okay. You get a windowed envelope says to the occupier, blah, blah, blah. You know, and it's got all sorts of jumbled up fonts and boxes and all sorts of stuff like that. So people have got to be able to spot all this and go, well, hang on a minute. That's in italics or something might be in square brackets. That's another thing. That's another trick they use. So if you see anything in a square bracket, that's off the paper, it's got nothing to do with the overall, um, document because obviously that's the four corners rule. Um, so, uh, just going on the font thing again, um, a legal document, a genuine contract should be written all in the same font style in the same font size for it to be a genuine contract. This is how they've managed to remove God from the Bible.



 So, so, so, you know, you go to court and you swear on the Bible and people think that's the Christian God in there and you go, no, that, um, that God's been removed from the Bible. Um, because if you look at the way that the, the text is written, you'll find that when they refer to the word Lord,



 it's written in all caps, but the L



 is a larger all cap than the rest of the word. So you'll have an all cap L and then all cap, but a smaller version, O R D. Yeah. So that splits the word up. So it doesn't say Lord it's L O R D.

 So I mean, this goes to where would that rule of language be then? Where would you find that rule of language where, where different size fonts can actually come into play and have, have that kind of importance? Where would that be written?



 Yes. This is difficult. Um, this information is absolutely buried. It's not a simple Google search. Okay.

 Um, this is a, you found it though, right? So where did you find it?

 Yes. Have a look at, um, let me think, um, I've been researching this for like 30 years. So all the information that I've come, it's all up here. Most of it. Yeah. Have a look at the work of Jordan Maxwell as he's really good on that. Have a look at the work of Romley Stewart. Okay. Take a look at what he has to say. Um, he'll go into things like the glossier, um, die, uh, die glossier, um, all this sort of stuff about how language is, but so what you've got to do is you have to look up in the, I think it's the Chicago book of styles in there. It will go into great detail on the style of fonts and texts and all the rest of it and the meanings behind it. It's a massive book. Um, but if you want to have a good look, help start there. Um, but yes, um,



 this research, I like I said, I've been doing it for years and years and years. It's all, most of it's up here. I have got a lot of the information I've saved on my computer as well.



 Um, but yeah, it's not a Google search. So there's a lot of people that do researchers and they talk on the phone and say, and they think that's a, that's a good, uh, a certain research. It's not, it's not research.

 Sure. Okay. So, I mean, obviously, so you've been doing this for a long time then. So how have you perhaps, you know, there are people out there, they're coming across this, they, they hit the internet, there's a plethora of information out there. Um, and then it's a situation of not only necessarily, you know, who do they pay attention to who do they not, who's giving out reliable information, who isn't, what, what do they then, you know, obviously the question then comes, well, how do I then use all this information to get remedied with what's being sent to me? So I'm, I'm presuming that you've had a, a plethora of kind of historical results that you can kind of show people. Well, this is the way that you actually do it. You, you spoke about a path, you know, you show people the path to do things.

 Yes. So within the sovereign project, it's called sovereign project for a reason. Okay. Because you have to become sovereign, which means you take responsibility for your own life. So you have to make your own decisions, right? There's too many people out there looking for, um, they're asking, what do I do? Well, I can't tell you that. Okay. I'm never going to tell anybody what to do. You have to make your own decisions on what you do. You've got to take responsibility for your own life. All I do is I will show you how it works. You can ask me how it works. I will give you the information and say, this is how it works. This is our contract supposed to work. This is our court is supposed to work all this sort of stuff. I'll give people this information. They can use it, disregard it. I'm not bothered, but they have to make a choice. Now, what I want these people to do is to take the information and I give out, which is free. You can download it from my website. I don't charge for it. Um, so it's free. You take this information and you do your own research. You do your own due diligence. All right. So you go and check it. And if you find something different, fine, great. Do your own thing.



 So I'm not, I'm sort of like, um, in a very difficult situation. What do I do? I've been researching this for years. I've been fighting for years. I've been, you know, fighting most of the time. I've been fighting companies that I work for. Um, I've been fighting with councils. This will, I've been doing it for a very long time. I haven't won every time, but I have won a lot of the times. So I've got this information. Now, what do I do? Do I stay silent while all these people out there are sort of panicking and what do I do? What do I do? Or do I share the information? Well, I've decided to share the information, but what I don't want is people coming to me and holding me responsible. No, it's not how it works. You choose what you want to do. Here's some information. If you find it useful, use it. If you don't find it useful, don't use it. It's that simple. So I've chosen to share it. Um, this is the stuff that I've been using for a long, long time. I mean, to give you an idea is I have been writing letters and notices since I left school, right? Before we had PCs, before we had internets, I had an old electronic typewriter and I would type out the curricula, uh, you know, uh, CVs and job letters and all and type this out and print it off. And if there was any issues, I would write a letter and I would do it that way. Okay. I've been doing it since I left school. Now I've been talking with people who've come to the sovereign project and they're in their sixties and they've never written a letter in their life



 at all. Okay. All these people have been, what they've been doing is they've been doing phone calls. They've been programmed to do phone calls. And I'm saying to people, don't do phone calls. All right. Stay away from emails. Don't do texts. All right. This is no, get into the ring, write out your letters, write out your notice. I showed people how to lay out a notice. Most people don't know how to do that. So again, this information is free. It's on my website. People can download it and write your own notices and then send it through Royal mail. All right. Royal mail or the Royal mail is in fact a court. It's the highest court within the legal system. So if you send mail through that court and you have a record of it, you know, recorded delivery and all that, you have a receipt where you've just proved it's gone through that court. It's, if you use Royal mail, it's delivered and Royal mail say it's delivered. So if the other person says, I didn't receive it, you go, no, yeah, you did. Cause Royal mail say you did. So,



 but yes.

 No, no. So I was gonna say, so, okay, well, let's, let's look at, um, I mean, I think we probably both know that it's all well and good knowing how to, you know, write a notice, you know, as far as I'm concerned, you just stick the word notice at the top and there you go. You've got yourself a notice. Um, in general, yeah.



 But, um,



 you know, for example, you know, you've got here a legal contract. So something that you said earlier, legal contract should all be written in the same font.

 Okay.

 Um, where does that come from?

 Oh, thousands of years ago. It comes from when scrolls were written. Okay. So, so this is where actually the four corner will comes from as well. So in Roman, this comes from Rome will civil law. I don't like using the word law, but it's a civil procedure codes. If you like Roman law, if you like from over 2000 years ago, everything was written in scroll form. Okay. So it's just one piece of paper. Okay. And the four corner rule meant the four corners of that scroll, everything contained with it was the, was the, um, the contract. Anything outside was not part of the contract. Okay. So nothing could be added. Nothing could be taken away. That's the four corners rule.



 The word scroll comes from scribe roll, a scribe would write it and then it'd be rolled up, creating the scroll. So that's where the name, the word comes from. So when the scribe would write it out, it should be all written in the same font, in the same handwriting written by the same person. That makes sense. So yes. So that's where it comes from. And, um, but yes, so today,

 I guess the point I'm, I guess the point I'm trying to make is that, you know, look, if someone gets taken to call and they were to say, well, hold on a second, you know, this contract isn't written in the same font. I mean, are we really, are we really thinking that that's going to have an impact with a, with a judge? No.



 So, so, so, um, yeah. Okay. So, good. So some of the things, I mean, for example, the bold lettering, the size of the font and all this kind of stuff. I mean, again, it's interesting. Don't get me wrong. I mean, I'm fairly familiar with Romley Stewart, um, and, and the work there. So, but, but it's a situation that in some cases, I'm not saying, you know, cause it is, you know, in a minority of cases, this can have an effect if played in the right way. Um, but I mean, what, what kind of results have you had yourself using this kind of information with regards to the course? I mean, what would you say maybe some of your, your best results, your kind of results?

 Well, it depends on, I mean, I've been suing people for ages and fighting people for ages and my

 best examples, just a couple of examples.

 Uh, I've got rid of a parking ticket. I've got rid of a speeding ticket. Um, let me see. Um, I've sued, um, companies for bad workmanship, sent the bailiffs in to see his assets, done that couple of times. Um, I've had, um, written warnings overturned at work, being retracted.



 Um,



 I've had, um, companies that have, um, not honored, um, guarantees and I forced them to honor the guarantee. And then they've given me a new, um, laptop in that case, it was a new laptop. They didn't want to guarantee it. It was 13 months old. And they said, Oh, it's only 12 months warranty. It says no, it isn't. Uh, so I sued them and I got myself a new laptop from that. Um, other warranties, uh, bought cars from, uh, dealers and they've not honored the warranty. So I've gone after them and they've made them honor the warranty and then they've had to pay me. Uh, so I've done that a couple of times. Um, it's just stuff like that. It's just everything throughout my life. It's just whenever there's an issue, um, an electric company, I've had that electric company. Um, they said I owed them 195 quid. No, I didn't. So I challenged them on that. I says, no, I don't. And I put it on the burden of proof on them and says prove it. And I went back and forth several letters back and forth over probably six months period. And in the end, um, what I did is I, um, did not challenge the corporation, the legal fiction, because that doesn't exist. I challenged the person I was dealing with. And I said, I want to hold you responsible and liable. And it was a senior manager, someone high up. And I said, I'll hold you personally liable. And then after that, she, um, got rid of the bill. She, she sent me a letter and says, Oh, I was so sorry. We've made a mistake. You don't owe us the money after all. Uh, and then she gave me a check for 30 quid for, you know, convenience or as I was saying, sorry. Yeah. All right.

 So I mean, how, just how would you, how, in that kind of instance, how would you actually hold that, that member of staff personally accountable? Because I know, you know, I don't get me wrong. I understand that members of staff should be held personally accountable for their actions. Um, but all too often what they do is they hide behind the corporate veil. I mean, that's the, that's possibly the nature of the, of the, of the system. Um, and possibly one of the biggest faults of the system is that people can hide and they have a tendency to hide. So how would you actually extract that individual from, from behind the veil?

 Well, once you've got a name and a place of work, you can find anything you want on that person. Quite easy actually. So how would you hold them to account?



 Well, with the evidence. So you would individual, you'd actually see, I've never, I've never, I've always won. So I've never had to go all the way to that point, but I would actually find out where they live. And then I would find out what their positive equity was. So this is quite easy. Um, when you find someone where they live, the first thing you can do is check that address and then you can usually find one, the last time that house was bought and sold. So, and then you'll find out what the purchase price was. So now you have the purchase price and now you know when that person moved in, then what you would do is get that property value today. And then that's normally higher than what it was a few years ago. And now you've got positive equity. So now you know how much equity you can go after.



 So once you know where they live, you can serve them notice and you send notice to them and say, look, while you were working at this, uh, um, corporation, blah, blah, blah, your actions caused me, um, financial distress and I'm suing you for damages. Okay. And then you can actually do that. You don't know, you don't have to go to court. People think we've got to go court. No, you don't. You could do it with your own paperwork.



 So as long as you, yeah. No, no, no. Sorry. I was just saying, okay. Yeah.

 So a lot of the time my court is here on my desk. Okay. Um, so I will deal with it through paper. I mean, I'll do notices and I'll give them, I'll give them a certain length of time. I did this with, um, a car board, a board of car and, um, the, the clutch failed and the, the, the guy who sold it, it was a trader wouldn't honor the guarantee. Oh no. Well, I'm going to deal with this. I dealt with it. Gave him the correct, um, due process or serve notice, blah, blah, blah. You've got six months. You've got six weeks to get it fixed, blah, blah, blah, all the rest of it. Six months later, you have to pay me for a new clutch. So, but that's how you do it with your own paperwork. So the problem is, is these remedies take a very long time. There's too many people out there looking for a quick response. All right. They've got a parking ticket and then they want a quick response. Like all you got to do is get some magical common law, do one thing, send it off. And then it goes away. That doesn't very rarely does that happen. It's called remedy for a reason. Cause there are no answers and solutions. People are looking for answers and solutions. It doesn't work that way. You could, in fact, we've had, um,



 okay. I'll give you an example.



 Um, without using person people's names. Okay.



 Person a person, a, uh, drove in a bus lane. Okay. And person a received a, uh, fine in the post got to pay 60, 60 quid. Okay. Person a then wrote a notice of unable to respond and they detailed the reason why they could not respond to the fine. One of them was that the fine was not signed. The, the paperwork that was received have no signature on it. So we couldn't ascertain who sent it and you can't ascertain obligation so that it wasn't signed. Also the address he was not recognized because the, it was written in all caps. Well, sorry, I don't, I don't recognize all caps names. So, and you put a few other points. All right. So addressing not recognized, blah, blah, blah, you know, no evidence given, blah, blah, blah. So you, you write your notice of unable to respond, send it off. Well, just so happens that worked. It was that simple. You've got a letter a few weeks later saying, don't worry about it. That's the end of that. Oh, that was nice and easy. One letter solved that problem. Okay.



 Person a was very happy. Person a found out that person b had the same problem that she had also driven down a post lane and she had also received a post fine post to keep fine. Person a gave that exact template to person b person b used that exact same template, signed it, sent it off to the same person, to the same person at that. It was the same agency in the same city and the same everything. Okay. Same person mark something in there. It was rejected.



 So they've got a letter back saying, no, we don't accept your, your offer, your complaints. The fine still stands.



 So explain that. How does that happen? And unfortunately, this is how remedy works. All right. No two remedies are ever the same.

 Well, I guess it would be obvious, you know, if you get something weird as a member of staff, I mean, I'm going to guess now, but I'm guessing that, you know, when the, when the first letter came across the Mark's desk, right? Okay. Haven't seen this before. Let's get, you know, this looks a little bit scary, perhaps something we've not not familiar with making some pertinent points. Let's get rid of it. When they see the identical letter come across their desk, then of course it's the case of, well, hold on a second. Does this second party know what they're talking about? Or is this just a template? Which is why of course templates are no good.

 Absolutely. 100%. Right.



 I agree with you. And this is why I'm a bit loathe to give out templates. I give out templates as a guide, just so people have a good understanding, but they have to learn to write it in their own language. But then you've got to also ask yourself, oh, hang on a minute.



 Let's say the template was absolutely rock solid and solid, but you're perfect, which it was, it was written correctly. It was drawn out as a notice correctly. The address was in the right position. It had, um, it was a time sensitive document. It was office for everything. It was very well crafted. Okay. That should work all the time. If it's, you know, perfect. I need it. Well, that goes to show that the system is corrupt. So it doesn't matter how good your paperwork is. It's almost like look of the draw. Because it doesn't matter. You see, that's what I, what, that's what I'm trying to tell people is that you can have the best remedy in the world, but if you go up against these people, they are corrupt. The systems corrupt, the courts are corrupt. They are all corrupt.

 Doesn't that then follow from, in some respects, doesn't that then justify people saying, well, why should I bother doing the course? Yes.



 Well, because if there's another thing that happens is if I learn all this stuff and it's all down to corruption, well, then doing the course is a waste of time. Isn't it? No,



 there's much, much more to the sovereign project than just this course. I mean, I don't think we've got time to go into everything.



 This is a numbers game. Okay. The only reason why the people who control the system have been getting away with this fraud for so long is because everyone is illiterate. They have no clue. They don't know the difference between lawful and legal at all.



 So how does a scam come to an end when everybody knows it's a scam? That's, it's that simple. So I don't believe in violence and I can see violence on the horizon. Okay. It's happening in other countries. Just take a look in other countries. They're burning cars and all the rest of it. I don't want this country to go in that direction, but I can see it happening. So why I'm trying to educate enough people in this country. In fact, globally, we have members all over the world now. If we can educate enough people to know about the scam, then the scammers go away. The scam folds. It's like a bloodless coup. All right. No violence. Because these parasites are just going to scurry away like cockroaches.



 So it's to educate people.

 Do you just to play devil's advocate here? Do you really think it's going to be that easy? Now, let me just come up with a few things to justify why I asked that. Sure. There was a recent poll in America. There's a lot of in America. I saw a video on TikTok and you had a senator, someone in the Senate or Congress, one of the two, some old fella, and he's reading out some statistics from a recent poll.



 And he read out that I think it was 82% of Americans did not trust or have faith in the American Senate and what, and that it had, and that it was actually looking after the interests of the American people. And that the similar percentage of people, of the American voters actually stated that they were prepared to take up arms in order to see that situation corrected. Now, the point is everyone, I think, you know, from, from when I was little, and I'm getting on a bit, everyone, everyone, everyone knows that politicians lie, right?

 Yes.

 In fact, there's even the old joke, you know, how do you know when a politician's lying? Well, the clips are moving, right?



 So, so the point is, I understand what you're saying to an extent that, you know, once the scam is exposed, but what about the situation where we all know that politicians have been scamming us for years, yet people still go out to the polling stations, people still vote. So is it as simple as simply exposing the scam or is it something more than that is actually required? It's apathy, you know, and, and the desire to just leave it to somebody else to sort out. Is that not, well, at least in part, the problem that we actually have.

 Yes, absolutely correct.



 I was going to say the same thing. There's too many people sitting back and they're just, oh, someone else is going to sort it or they give in or I can't be bothered and all the rest of it. Okay, fine. Well, the problem with that is if we all do that and we sit back, then we all get enslaved. Okay. I personally, I'm not willing to just wait for it to be solved by someone else. And I'm not just going to sit back and try and ignore it either. Okay. I know what's coming. We all heard Klaus Schwab say you will own nothing and you'll be happy. Technically, he's right. Clough on that because you don't own anything right now. This is what the obvious message by the average person doesn't know because they were literate. They don't realize. But so anyway, so they don't own anything now, including their children, by the way.



 So yeah, I choose to stand up and do something about it. Okay. They're going to take my stuff anyway. So I'm going to go out fighting. All right. I'm going to say, I'm going to put me, you know, I'm going to talk about it. I'm going to go out there and put my neck on the line. I've had enough.

 I've had enough.

 So I just want to expose the truth to people.

 Yeah. So how long you've been, I mean, I don't know, I myself haven't seen you. I mean, I think I've heard your, I think I heard your name over the last couple of months with regards to a few other people, maybe on what I would call the circuit, doing some talks and stuff like that.



 So I mean, how long have you been making videos? Are you on like YouTube? Are you on other platforms or?

 Well, I've done quite a few podcasts,



 you know, not to name drop or anything, but I've been on Charlie Ward and iconic.



 So I've been on those podcasts and some others. I don't have a website like a YouTube channel. There's talk about doing one. Me and the team would talk about it. Shall we do it? We might. If someone wants to do the editing and that we might actually do that. Here's what it is. You have to be careful when you talk about this stuff.



 If it's in the private, you can say whatever you want. If you start going public, okay. And I'm talking speaking out in the streets, you're going to get the heat. Okay. You're going to get harassed. People from the system are going to start making it difficult for you. So the way I tend to do it, as I like to do these podcasts, these are relatively private podcasts, therefore your members to watch. Okay. I'm not public. So I tend to do that. I have done some private speaking events where I've been asked to speak and hold a presentation. I'll usually get my laptop and I'll go through a load of things. I'll show people how DVLA works, for example.



 So I've done that a few times.



 We've just done a sobbing project event a few months ago, which was called the train the trainer.



 And what I'm trying to do is set up workshops across the country, in fact, across the world where people can be shown how it works. So I've got people on board now. They've started to set up their own workshops.



 So just getting this information out there. But it's almost like the sobbing project is almost like Fight Club. We've all seen the film Fight Club. All right. You don't need to act on this. This is something important. Let's get this out there.



 Don't act on this stuff.



 Learn.



 Okay. Because what's happening is people are getting little pieces of information and then they're acting on it and they're not ready. They don't know everything and then end up in serious trouble. And then they blame the person who gave them that bit of information. All right. Which no.



 Sobbing project is for people who want to learn this now. We get the numbers up. Okay. And when there's enough of this, we can all act peacefully in the legal system using the correct paperwork. Okay. This is how it's done. So look, there are people that come to me and they're panicking. They've got bailiffs knocking on their front door. They literally can't afford to pay gas, electric and council. They can't. So I'm trapped in this situation. Well, what do I do? Do I give these people some information or do I turn my back on them? Well, I've got to try and help them the best I can. All right. So I've got to try and explain to them how the Cester KV Trust works, for example, how utility companies are actually credit brokers. All right. I try and explain to them that council is a corporation, right? There is no obligation to pay council tax. So you put the burden on proof on the employees who work for the council and say, I'm going to have to see obligation. If I don't see obligation, then why am I obligated to pay? I'm not.



 But the problem is most people know nothing at all. Nothing. And that's the problem. And then they're learning little pieces and they're getting into serious trouble. So the sovereign project is set up to try and get people to have a good foundation of the truth, to understand how contracts work, how the lean process works, all this sort of stuff, to understand lawful versus legal, for example, the average person, this is how simple it gets. The average person out there does not even understand that the word legal means contract.



 The word illegal means contract. So for something for me to be illegal or legal, there has to be a contract somewhere that I signed agreeing to that policy where it is legal or illegal. It's not a law. Okay. So we have to distinguish.



 Legal means contract. That's right. That's the way I've never heard of that before.



 I know. I have to be sure that one myself. Yeah. Go and have a look at that. Now, in fact, if you actually, as you probably know yourself,

 I thought legal meant derived of law.



 No. No. No. Of contract law.



 That contract law. Yeah. You see? So it's contract law, law within a contract, not law. Law, by the way, here's another thing I've discovered. Law is unwritten and unspoken.



 As soon as you understand that, you go, Oh my God. You see, here's the problem with law.



 You cannot allow anyone else to write the law down because as soon as someone else writes the law down, it becomes policy. Once it becomes policy, then you've given that person the authority to write the law and then they can make up as many laws as they want, which will take away your rights and your freedom and your wealth. That's the problem.

 You can't allow. Sorry. So run that one by me. Yeah.

 Look, okay.

 Do you not have to first agree that what they write down will be binding on you in order for it to be binding on you? Of course, but for them to do that. So it doesn't matter if I allow you to write something down because unless I agree that it's binding on me, you can write whatever you want on a piece of paper, right? Yes. Yes. Sorry. I thought you just said that. So you're right.



 Yes. So, you know, when the government comes out with all this legislation, like lockdown, you've got to stay at home.

 Yeah.

 Just an apply to me. That's not law. That's a policy within a contract for that lockdown to apply to me. I have to get my name and sign and go, yes, I agree to that. Now you can lock me down.



 So yes, you're absolutely spot on. So when you say somebody was, sorry. Yeah. Okay. No, but you're absolutely right. If someone writes law down, it's their law. They've written a policy. They've written it down. Okay. So for that to apply to me, you're absolutely correct. I have to agree to it. I have to say, yeah, I agree to that policy. There's my signature. You sign it. Yes, you can apply that law to me. That's law within a contract, not the law. See people go, oh, you can't do that. It's the law. Well, no, no, no, no. The law is above human law, if you like, or mankind law or, or law created by man. In other words, law is like universal law. It's above you. It's something you can't change. Something you have no authority over. It's like divine law. Um, so it all starts with it.

 So if it's not written down, can't be spoken. You said so laws not written down and laws not spoken.

 Okay.

 So how does anyone know? So how does anyone know what the law is?

 You just know it. You just know it.

 Yes. But example, do you know? So you start off, do you know that murder is right? Okay. So say, is murder wrong?



 Well, let's, let's have this discussion. Let's pretend I'm a murderer. Yes. Okay. And I've got a warped sense of, well, I say walked. I mean, who's to say who's walked. So in my mind, as the murderer, I, what I'm doing is my nature. And I say, no one wrote it down, told me to do it. No one told me to do it. Spoke it to me. No, I didn't read it and follow a rule.

 Right.

 I know this is the right thing to do. Right. You say, no, it's not. Now, which is the law? It's my law.

 Oh, it's your law. Yes. Why so? Remember. Okay. Okay.

 Let's take a step back. I'm just, I'm just playing devil's advocate here. No, that's fine. You said, you said laws, not written and laws, not spoken. Now, okay. I appreciate that the Bible in the Bible, you know, apparently God wrote the law in our hearts and we have a conscience, right? And so therefore we should know the difference between right and wrong. But in nature, is, is the lion wrong for killing the gazelle?



 There's no, there's no jurisdiction. It's, it's okay.



 Rights and contracts is a man-made concept.

 Right. But that's written or spoken. So that's out. So we put that to the side. So who's to say, who is to say then that the murder, the guy that kills somebody else is to say then that that's not the law. Me.



 But who's to say you're right. And I'm wrong.

 Okay. Let me start again. Okay. We've got it. I think we're missing some pieces of the pie.

 Fill them in then.

 Right. Now here's the thing. You've got to understand what a court is. Okay.



 Now a court is not a building. It's not a room. Okay. It's not a judge. It's not even a jury of 12. It's not even a prosecutor. Okay. A court exists when someone is making a claim upon you. Each of us has our own court. I have my court. You have your court. Okay.



 I can't go to court. If I go to court, I'm going to someone else's court and that's a big problem. This is why a lot of people get caught up in the legal system. Right. They have a belief, which is a brainwashing. They have a, they've been brainwashed to think that the court, i.e. illegal fiction court has authority. It doesn't. A court is between two living, breathing men or women. When there is a dispute. Okay. There's an argument. One person saying you can't do this and another person saying I can do this in layman's terms. Right. So let's go back to the murderer. Let's say he decides he wants to murder me.



 No, he can't. Because in my court, I make the law. In my dominion, I make the law. You can't murder me. Okay. That's how it works. So I know it's, you've got to get this way of thinking. You have to get away from the collective way of thinking. This is how the people behind the system control you. They make you think collectively, like you're one of the people and I go, well, hang on a minute. You've used the word people. Exactly how many is that? Can you please tell me how many are in this people? What are these people? How old are these individuals? Are they tall, short, fat, whatever? Right. It's like if I said to you, can you describe to me a forest?



 No, your forest is going to be different to me. So this again, this is why it's called the sovereign project. You have to pull everything back. You have to become an individual and not become part of the herd. Do not be part of the collective. So when you're using hypotheticals, like, oh, there's this serial killer or whatever he's murder, he wants to murder somebody. Okay. Well, who is he going to murder? If it's me, well, he can't do that because in my court, that would be against the law.

 No, no, sure. Sure. Well, yeah, physically he could do that potentially. Let's say physically he goes up to an old granny. He gets her over the head in the street. He kills her and he says, as far as I'm concerned, I've done nothing wrong.



 Now, if laws, all I'm saying is if law is not written, if this is the definition, the definition you're giving, I don't know if there's another definition of law that you've got to go along with that, but if you're saying the law is not written, law is not spoken, then how is one to know the law? Now, if one is to know the law by the fact that we just know, as you mentioned, we just know what's wrong. But okay, but what if my reality, my morality is that, well, if I don't like someone, if I have the, the arse ache with someone, I can go and hit them over the head with a hammer. And then I kill them. And then we're back to square one where someone's saying to me, well, you shouldn't have done that. And I say, well, but you know, well, where's the law? Because as far as I'm concerned, there's nothing wrong with that. Now in nature, in nature, there would be nothing wrong with that according to the law of nature, not natural law, but the law of nature, because no one tells the lion that he's wrong for killing the gazelle. That's just his nature, right? That's just his nature. So way back when before the written word or before the spoken law came out, before people grouped together to say, well, we're going to have a set of, you know, agreed morals, as it were, we can't live in a kind of community of people knocking each other off. So what we're going to do is we're going to say, well, that's unacceptable. And therefore, anyone that decides to engage in that kind of behavior will, you know, you kill one of our lot, we're going to probably going to kill you. Now, it doesn't stop the first murder taking place, but it certainly puts a stop to anymore because the perpetrator is then undrawn and quartered or whatever, right? But I was just literally, you know, kind of, let's say playing devil's advocate based on what you'd said, which is that law is not written and law is not spoken. So what is law then?



 Law is natural law. Natural law is unwritten and unspoken. It's like universal law. Natural law derives from the Bible, doesn't it?



 It's spoken about in the Bible. Yes. Now here's another thing. But does that not go against what you just, what

 I'm saying is you just said that law is not spoken, law is not written, it's both natural law, but natural law derives from the Bible. And there are about five or six, you know, I'm seeing different interpretations of natural law.

 No, no, no, no.

 And what's what I researched it?

 It's found in that. Yes. It doesn't mean it's where it came from. Okay. So here's the thing. Everyone is unique. Everyone is an individual. Okay. If they wish to believe in a religion, that's their choice. They have that right. If they want to say their rights come from a God, again, that's their right. And they can choose to do that. But you can't apply that to everybody else. So what's not a law then?



 Natural law. Yeah, that's like understood naturally. It's like morality.

 I don't understand it. What is natural law?



 Natural law is do no harm.



 You understand do no harm.



 Yeah. Where does that come from?

 The natural law? Don't get me wrong. I don't disagree with you. I don't disagree that we should, you know, we shouldn't cause harm. I don't disagree with you. But what I'm saying is what I'm asking is where does that from a researcher's point of view, as someone that's done this, I've done this for 15 years, right? Yeah. So as someone that's done this for 15 years and my research, you know, I look at natural law, according to my research, derives from the Bible and depending on which commentator you're talking about depends on their interpretation of natural law. And so therefore there are different interpretations of natural law. However, natural law, which basically holds inherently within within it at its kind of foundation and core, some of the biblical moralistic kind of rules as it were. So these are things that are originating from the Bible or any other holy book for that matter. That differs from the law of nature in as much as in the law of nature, anything goes. And to a large extent, it goes based on, you know, the force, okay, the force of law. So we talk about the force of nature. You know, if you've got a dam breaks or something like that, well, there's a flood, you know, is it right? Was it right that 38 people drowned? Well, no, that was a terrible tragedy. That shouldn't have happened. But it did. And who's going to tell Mother Nature that that was wrong? Like, as I say, I go back to who tells the lion that he's wrong for killing the gazelle? No one, because that's in his nature. So there's a difference between natural law and nature. So what I'm saying is that natural law, if according to your definition, law is natural law, well, natural law, as I understand it, derives from the Bible, which means it's written.



 No, here's the thing, just again to play devil's advocate back to you.

 Yeah.

 Who wrote the Bible?



 Multiple different people. In fact, it was commissioned, as I understand it was commissioned by Constantine back in what was it 335 council of Nicaea. And they put in what they wanted, and they took out what they wanted. And it was a merger of every single major religion. So therefore you have, you have the religion of commerce in there. I know there are there are parables and there are alloys, which concern commerce. There are certainly things in there, which I would call saturnic. You have at least, I think, three or four different gods referred to by the stylization of the words. So you've got God upper, God lower. You've got Lord God upper, Lord God lower. You've got Lord God upper lower. You've got Lord God, you're right. You've got the Almighty. You've got the Father. So you've got multiple different parties in there. But ultimately, my understanding is that they are stories, they are parables, and that you have to refer them, you have to relate them to common day experiences in order to get the most out of it. Yeah. Okay.

 So where did the authors of the Bible get universal law from?

 Not universal law. We were talking about natural law.

 Natural law, if you wish.

 Natural law. Well, natural law is a philosophical, this is why there's different interpretations of it, because depending on the context that you're referring to, there are different interpretations of natural law. Natural law based on the founding principles within the Bible. For example,



 the Bible is a philosophical interpretation of the Bible. And so, I think that's a good question. I do understand that depending on the philosophical interpretation of the commentator that we're referring to, it depends how they've actually interpreted what natural law according to them, the individual, what it should be. And therefore, you have multiple interpretations of natural law. So, you know, so what is natural law? I hear a lot of people, certainly in the freedom movement, refer to natural law. Well, which natural law? Is it this guy's natural law?

 Is it this guy's natural law?

 All the law of nature. I can say.



 Well,



 see, law of nature, as far as I'm concerned, actually raises a very interesting thing. It raises the concept of natural equity.



 Because a lot of people talking about equity. And yet a lot of people I hear talk about equity, actually, in my opinion, are some of the most inequitable or inequitable people that I've ever met. So, you know, and they are completely dishonorable. In fact, a lot of people that I see talk about honor are the most dishonorable people I've ever met. And a lot of them are associated with the freedom movement. And I find that quite amazing, right? Yes. And one of the things which I actually like the idea of is this idea of natural equity. Now, natural equity is that, you know, it's an eye for an eye. Yes, it's about balance. And I do it to you. And there we have balance because I'm satisfied. That gives me satisfaction. That's the old jewel. I demand satisfaction for it. I've been wronged. I feel I've been wronged. I demand satisfaction, swords at dawn and will sort it out. Okay. And that's how, you know, and I feel that's got a lot of credence. Now I appreciate that someone who is perhaps not skilled in that way, but actually wants to go around offending people or dishonoring people. And then they turn around and say, well, that's not fair that you want to have a fight in the morning because I can't possibly fight you in that way. Well, then really, those people should have kept their mouth shut.



 Right. They shouldn't have done what they're doing because otherwise their physical weakness will count against them when, you know, when the balancing mechanism comes to pass. Right.



 But yeah, so, but it's all, it's all philosophical. It's all in the eye of the individual. So, yeah, right. Absolutely. My opinion, right.

 Absolutely. 100% correct.



 I mean, the word legal, just to touch on that, the word legal, if you find the origins of it, actually means the undoing of God's law.



 You know, it's like, what was

 a derivative of law, isn't it? It's of law.



 It's like a reverse.



 Yeah.



 Or it's law within contract. It's like, for example, the difference between trade and commerce, right? In trade, the credit is created first and then the debt follows. But in commerce, it's the opposite. So the debt is created first and then the credit follows, which is completely backwards.



 And that's why the world is in a complete mess when it comes to debt. But that's a completely different subject.



 But yes,



 what I tend to do is with the sovereign project, I've got to explain to people, and I've got to do it in layman's terms as well. Okay. So I have to do it in layman's terms. So because a lot of people, yeah, they can put the time and effort into learning this stuff, but they want something they can use. Okay. So I tend to do the sovereign project. So I explain out what sovereignty means, how law is supposed to work, how a court is supposed to work, by the way, you have your own court, you can't go to court. Because if you go to court, you're going to someone else's court, and you're under their jurisdiction and you're going to lose.



 So I try and explain that. I try and explain how warrants are supposed to work, how equity law is supposed to work,



 contract law, how contract law is supposed to work. I've been researching this for years and years, and I've been getting rid of all the nonsense. The legal system is excessively, overly complicated. Okay. It's a point that the legal system is so complicated, no one person can know it all. You just physically can't. Okay. You've got something like between 10 million and 32 million pieces of legislation in the UK legal system and about 50 million in the USA legal system. You can't learn that. You can't play this game.



 So this is 10 million.

 Sorry, just over 10 million to how many million?

 So 32 million, depending on your sources.



 And again, 32 million pieces of legislation in the UK system.

 Yeah. And about 50 million in the American system.



 You can't learn it all. You know, it's all sub paragraphs. I'm not talking about individual acts because then you've got to go into the act itself and then you've got to note each individual paragraph and subsection this subsection that, and it's all written in legalese and it's all written using black's law dictionary and the obvious person can't really understand it. And it's designed that way. Okay. Um, so I've been trawling through it for years and basically chopping out the nonsense, getting rid of the rubbish, the garbage and all the corruption and all the rest of it. And I've been distilling it down. So I give you the basics and this is how it should work. This is how an affidavit should work. For example, you've got corporations issuing affidavits. Maybe you can't do that. Legal fiction can't sign off on an affidavit. How can a corporation make a declaration to God? What they are saying is the truth when it's a dead entity. It's insane. A lot of this stuff when you start learning, you can't do this. So, um,



 but yeah, I've been studying it for a long, more, more years than I care to, you know, how should I have been doing other things with my life, put it that way.



 But yes, I've distilled it down to a series of about 22, um, evening courses that gets people on the right path. So when you're on the right path, you're now in a position to spot the traps, to spot all the scams that are out there. Okay. And again, I try and explain to people legislation is not law in any way, shape or form. Here's another thing that people don't understand. The UK is a corporation.



 United States of America is a corporation. Everything that they say is just a corporate policy. That's it. And it only applies to a UK citizen if you accept that title and citizen means slave to the city. And I'm not an slave to the city. I'm not an employee of the UK corporation. Therefore, any of their policies don't apply to me.



 So,



 I mean, the whole thing about United States being a corporation, okay, United States of America, if it says of something, then you're not part of it. You're of it. It means without. So United States of America, that's not America, I either land, you're just of it. Okay. So that's a corporation, United States, again, that's not the same as United States of America. So United States, that's another corporation.



 So the world corporate, okay, the United States of America is the easiest one to see as an operating corporation. Number one, it's got a president gives the game away. Okay, he's got a president, it's a corporation, right? United States of America is a privately owned corporation. You have shareholders, people at the top that you don't know own the United States of America. They put a president in place. He has no real power. He's just a puppet. He's just the president of the corporation. You can get, they can remove him and get someone else in if he doesn't do as he's told. Okay. He has a constitution, gives the game away again. Where do I see a constitution? In PMAs, private members association. That's what it is. It's one giant PMA. They have a statue of Liberty.



 Liberty. What does that mean? It doesn't mean freedom. Liberty means privileges and allowances. Only children get privileges and allowances. I don't want Liberty. I want freedom. So it's a big joke. Also, why is the statue of Liberty in the harbor? And it's not on land. That's because it can't be because it's got to be on water because it's operating under maritime law.



 Liberty. You can understand this, you know, when you're, when you work, when you're a serviceman and you are on a ship, okay, you're one of the crew, then the Liberty bell rings. Oh, you can have a bit of freedom. You can go off. Sure. Have some fun. And when the Liberty bell rings again, get back on ship maritime law. So Liberty does not mean freedom. So, and then a citizen. Okay. I'm not a citizen. That's a legal title. It lowers your status to virtually nothing. Okay. If you take a look at the passports in, um, in this UK corporation, it used to be, we were a British subject in 1968. Okay. British, by the way, Britain is another corporation. So British subject means you are subject to the monarch. Okay. In 1968, there was a corporation or corporate takeover and that was the UK. So the UK overtook, or if you like, took over that corporation and then since 1968, you all became UK citizens.

 Sorry,



 sorry, sorry. So in 1968,



 what happened? The UK, the United Kingdom,

 UK corporate takeover of what?

 So what was

 the Britain,



 great Britain. Yeah. Which was a corporation. And that's why your passports, it changed from British subject and it changed to, uh, it's either British or UK citizen. But the main key that was changed was the word subject. It changed from subject to citizen.



 Citizen means slave to the city. You are below the lowest. So in the legal system, they have titles and this is how they move up within the system. So if you're a, if you've been knighted, if you're a sir, you could do whatever you want. You got, you're untouchable really. Okay. Like Sir Jimmy Savile. No one's going to ever touch him and they couldn't. And when then there's pecking order, you've got prime ministers, you know, and you've got barristers, solicitors, judges. These are all legal titles that place people in different positions of power within the legal system. One of them is police officer. Now a police officer is a policy enforcer and all he is, is a member of the public. Again, you don't want to be a member of the public. You get pulled into the member of the public and you're being controlled membership by maritime law. But anyway, go back to the police officer. The police officer is basically just a member of the public with your uniform on.



 Now, if you're trying to arrest a police officer and you say, I am placing you under citizens arrest, you're going to get the crap beaten out of you because a citizen is lower than a policeman. You can't do a citizen's arrest on a policeman because your title is lower than his. You don't have the right to do that. So this, this is why someone people, people are falling into these traps all the time. They're using the word UK. You can't use UK in any of your websites, your paperwork, because you're pulling that corporation into your private association. If you like, you can't use the word citizen. All right. Don't call yourself a citizen. Don't call yourself a civilian. All right. The word civil, it refers to Roman law. If you like, okay, civil procedure codes, a civilian is someone under the control of the empire that have to follow those codes. The word community, it comes from a commune and it's the foundation for communism because a community is a group of people controlled by the state. It's a buzzword. It's a globalist buzzword. No one used to use the word community community 30, 40 years ago. And now everybody's using it. And I'm going, don't use that word. You're just doing what the globalists want you to do. And you're creating these communities that the state can control.

 So, so what does fraternity mean? But you use the word fraternity.

 Wait, yes. Oh, yes.



 You're right. This is the problem. And I had a difficult one. What do I call the sovereign project? And I had to go through all of these words. I can't do that. Can't do that. Can't do that. I settled on fraternity. Yes, it means brotherhood, but it also means sisterhood.



 So it just means everyone is equal within a brotherhood. And everyone has a, the same mindset and the oath to join the fraternity is very simple. It's just do no harm, keep your word and help your fellow sovereign. That's it.

 So you have to swear an oath to join.



 Yes.



 I don't want people who do, I don't want people who do harm.



 I don't want people who lie and don't keep the word. And if you don't want to help, then what's the point joining?



 It's pretty straightforward. I want decent people to join. Okay. I am looking for honorable people who already live as sovereign, who say I can live my own life. I have no need for central government. I have no need for legislation. I have no need for any of it. Leave me alone. Okay. I will do no harm. Leave me alone and let me get on with my life. That is, that's how simple it gets. And I'm looking for people who think the same as me and want to live the same life like that or who want to. People who want to break their brainwashing. That's what I work. I help people to stop being slaves because you've got millions, hundreds of millions, if not billions of people panicking in the world today and they are slaves to their own mind. That's what government means, by the way, mind control. Just they're panicking. Oh God, I've got to do this. I've got to do that because the government says, I thought, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Government is a legal fiction. You can't say anything. Okay. It doesn't exist. Find out the name of the person who says you've got to do the thing. And then you get that person's name and you say, show me the obligation. Where are you getting the authority from saying I have to pay the thing or I have to do the thing. And if they can't provide it, they've carried out a tort against you. Now you can go after them and say, I'm taking your house. You can't force me to pay stuff I didn't agree to. You can't force me to follow any of this legislation. Okay. Leave me alone. I will do no harm. I will leave my life the way I see fit. Okay. So that's what sobbing projects about. And I want to do it peacefully,



 but it might not call to that.

 I mean, I guess,



 I guess I don't give a wrong. I understand where you're coming from in terms of the people attack you and then you go after them. Um, yes. But I mean, I guess they're going to probably turn around and say, but you're supposed to do no harm.

 Right. I will do no harm unless best passed against. Exactly.

 Then I'm going to do a lot of harm.

 Oh, I will be dishing out harm left, right and center. So how, how would you deal?

 How would you deal? Because I've, I mean, I've, I've spoken to a few people who've attended your, I think you, you operate in Leicester, don't use that, right?

 Yes.

 Yes. And, um, I don't know, do you do all your seminars in, in Leicester or was it just a few that you've done there?

 Well, yes. Um, we have other workshops now. Um, so on my website, there are links to other websites. We've got one in Neaton. Uh, we've got one in Creek. Um, I believe we've got one in, uh, is it South Wales? Anyway, if you look on my website, so there are other workshops that you can go to. Um, and I will be putting together an online course. So I am putting that together now. We're just going to try and iron out some of the technical issues. Um, but that might be on a Tuesday evening.

 So this is the 22. This is the 22 week thing you're talking about. Yes.

 Yeah. So 22.

 I understand that you've got a kind of unique technique of dealing with car registration and deregistration. Is that right?

 We're working on it. Absolutely. Um, you probably know yourself, but let's go over the DVLA. Um, because the average person does not know this. Um, again, this is why they're trapped in this nightmare. You probably also know that the government in quotes or the people behind government want to abolish cars by 2030. All right. They've already said that they're going to, you know, us plebs, you know, the common people are not allowed to have cars anymore. So they're going to go. Okay. And they're making it excessively difficult to even use them. It's expensive now. Okay. Unnecessarily expensive.



 So people have got to understand what is actually going on and how it actually works. Cause the DVLA is nothing more than a corporation. It's the same as McDonald's. It's got a Don's number. Okay. It's a for-profit corporation. It has no authority at all. There is no law and I want to make sure I'm getting the terminology correct. There is no law saying you must register your car at all.

 They cannot afford you. So from a practical point of view though, how do you actually do that? So I mean, for example, do you drive around?

 My cars work. I'm not doing that.



 Well, well, hold on. Remember a sovereign project is Fight Club. We are learning. We're educating ourselves. Don't act on it yet. I people, there are some people who have done it. All right. We know there's at least one that we know there's a Rolls-Royce drive around London, no number plate. And I think he's a high, he's a lawyer or something. So no one's going to touch him. Okay. There's a couple of others I know of to have no number plates they're driving around and they know what to do. There's one guy in America. He does it drives around no number plates. And when he was pulled over, he sued the sheriff for a quarter of a million pounds and he won. And then he went out and bought a Porsche 911.



 So he knows.

 Do we know this for sure? Or is this all just, you know, mythical kind of folklore and stuff like that? Don't get me wrong because, you know, I mean, as I said, I've been on this kind of the scene, as it were, since as far as I was aware, the very dawn over here on Blighty. And



 you know, so I'm fully aware that these stories kind of do the rounds. And, you know, I've heard a lot of the stories myself, albeit the fact I've never, you know, I've never met these people that have allegedly done this. I've got no first time material knowledge of it. And my experience has been that, whilst I agree, we shouldn't have to register anything. Unfortunately, the mindset of the zombies who are enforcing these policies means that, you know, you can't get away without kind of, you know, hopping on one leg for a certain period of time. Otherwise, they're not going to be happy with you. So you have to kind of play along just in order to have a peaceful, a relatively peaceful existence. But Mike, Mike, the feedback I had from a couple of our advocates over ETP was that because they attended your seminar. Cool. And they said that you had a methodology for de-registering.

 We have a remedy. Yes.

 Right. Okay. Now they were, they got quite upset.



 They were quite upset when you then turned round, because I think they followed you into the car park and saw that you hadn't removed your, because I think you told people to remove their registration plate or something. No, no, no, no, no, no. They went outside and saw that you had registration plates and said, well, hold on. What's this all about? Um, no, no, no, no, no. And basically what you just said, and the answer they gave, the answer that they were given at the time is the answer you just gave me, which was, but my car's too valuable to play around with that kind of stuff. Yes. Yes. How would you, well, how can you possibly tell other people to do something?

 I am not telling anybody to do anything. I can't make the suggestion. Please. No, no, no, we're not. Okay. This is the problem. People have got to grow up. I am not telling anybody. So what's the option you're facing there then, but not to pull yourself. Here's what I do. I explain how it works. Okay. Well, how's the average person? Yeah. The average person does not know what registering means. They do not know what a corporation is. All right. They do not understand what is actually going on. They don't understand that the DVLA is operating as a trust. They don't understand any of this. Okay. So the sovereign project, the 22 week course, what I do is I explain to people how it works. Okay.



 Well, how does DVL operate? What is DVLA? What is going on?

 My point being it's operating in a certain way, for example, but it should operate in an alternate way.

 No, it should not even exist. DVLA should not even exist.



 There should be no reason to register anything. That's the problem. You can't register anything. You register anything. You've given away property rights. You've entered into a trust.



 If it's my property, I have the right not to register.



 I mean, who, where's the obligation coming from that I have to register anything that I own? There is no, no one has the right to tell me that I must register my house, my car, my business or whatever it is.

 All right. People are just brainwashed. Didn't you say earlier that you don't own any property?



 Yes, legally we don't.

 So if it's right. Yes. I mean, this is why I'm running. Yeah. You and I both. Well, let's put it this way. The crux of the issue is that unfortunately way back when swords were the weapon of choice, certain parties basically said, well, we're going to run the country. We're going to run everything. And you're going to do what we say, or we're going to kill you. And the people being unwilling to actually stand up and die for their own freedoms basically said, all right, then I was rather lived a life of a slave than die. Okay. Whereas a lot of people nowadays, well, I say a lot, some nowadays would rather die than live, you know, I'd rather die on my knee. I'd rather die standing up and live life on my knees. So, you know, so, or die for something than live life on my knees. That's maybe the phrase.



 But,



 yeah, so, so, I mean, we know the registration actually means it's an agreement to abide by a certain set of rules as it were. But is, is their role all these public agencies, is that is their role not to actually run and manage public services and deliver public services? Is that not the original intention?

 No, it wasn't not from day one. It was seizing assets. That's what it was all about. That's why they brought number plates into this country in 1908 or something.

 So it's impossible to ever have public services then?

 Yes, I don't want public services. I don't want any public services. I want private.



 Right? No. Here's the thing, by the way, public, there's no, the difference between private and public is they're actually the same. Okay. Remember the UK is a corporation, it's a private corporation. Right? So everyone's going, oh, public hospitals. No, that's private. Everyone's going to public schools. No, that's private. What you're doing, this is what people don't understand.



 What you're doing is if you go on in, say, for example, a hospital, if you enter a public hospital, you've just entered a privately owned hospital, you've entered into an agreement that you do not even understand. Okay. This is why people are realizing they're trapped in hospital. They can't get out. Babies are being taken away from mothers who've just given birth and they don't understand why you're not allowed into hospital to visit your dying elderly mother or father. And no one understands why because you've entered into agreement. You've agreed to this because you've entered into a private corporation under a private jurisdiction. The national health from day one in 1948, when it was set up, it was a private corporation. It always has been. So this idea that it's public, no, it's an argument that politicians mess with us. They keep going, oh, they're going to privatize the national health. It was privatized since day one. Okay.

 So if we're not going to have the deliverance of, because obviously a lot of people are used to this, right? So a major objection that I've always, no, absolutely. And a major objection that I've always come across or that I've come across a lot in the last 15 years is because people are in a comfort zone, they used to, they don't like change necessarily. And they used to the alleged infrastructures that they've got, that they think they've got around them. I mean, we know they're invisible infrastructures. We know it's all a mindset. It's a set, it's a mind. It's the security of the mind, right? It's a sense of security. So without there actually be without the necessarily being security. There is no, there is no security. But an objection that a lot of people would come up with is that, well, hold on a second, you know,



 you know, on the one hand, we, the way I look at it is that, yes, these parties are supposed to provide service. They don't. I don't think they do. I don't actually rate this what they deliver. And it's vastly expensive. It's corrupt. And it's just, you know, everything about it is kind of wrong. But by the same token,



 what are we, are we going to have nothing? And I know you mentioned earlier, you'd go, you'd have private, you'd have private services. Private, correct. But they are private. You said earlier, these are private. Yeah, private. So what's going to be different? What do we do? I mean, do we not have to still be aware of the same kind of things, no matter how we dress this up, we've always got to be aware of the corruption and the potential for something to become corrupted. No?

 Well, of course you do. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely.

 So I mean, even a private, even a private service could potentially be fraught with danger purely from the point of view that people get in there.

 There's a thing. No, it's well, here's the thing. If I deal with a private company, I am the customer and I'm paying them directly for the service. If they do not provide the service, guess what I stopped paying? It's that simple. Right. Now the services that we saw, so national health, can I stop paying for that even though they're giving out a lethal injection to millions of people? No, I'm still forced to pay for it. You see the difference? What do you mean tax? You mean? Yeah. Well, Cessna KV trust, they use my, I mean, here's another thing. The tax doesn't pay for government services. So the tax just pays for servicing the debt.



 Your, everything is paid for using your Cessna KV trust.



 So that's how the treasury works. They create bonds on your name, but based on the birth certificate, and they use that to build the roads and the hospitals and all the rest of it. And they usually do it for 10 times the cost, at least minimum. They do it for very, very expensive. And, and then you're left on the hook to pay the interest on that debt. And that's what your, that's what your income tax is for. That's what all your taxes for. You're just paying the, I mean, the thing with the national debt, people don't know what the national debt is. Well, the national debt is the debt the government hasn't been able to sell yet. Okay. Cause you're the creditor. The treasury is in debt to you and they don't want to be. So they sell the debt. This is how utility companies operate their credit brokers. They don't supply gas and electric. They're actually selling debt. It's the debt that was created from your Cessna KV trust in layman's terms. You're the creditor. You, you paid for the creation of the gas electricity and all the rest of it. And that creates a debt.

 Now this is, this is an interesting thing because I've studied Cessna KV trust and the mythology, if you like, around it for many, many years.



 So



 way back when the, the explanation of the, you know, Cessna KV trust according to Bouvier's means beneficiary. So in other words, the way, the way I look at it is that the straw man is the beneficiary.



 And what happens is that we, man or woman effectively uses that as a pass through into the system with your energy. So you were operating through that name into that, into that realm. And as the beneficiary of various bits of property in the game of monopoly or whatever it may well be as a beneficiary, that's actually in possession of the asset or the property. Ravens can come down and take pecks out of what they've got. You know, things can come along and take stuff away from them.



 Now,



 again, way back when with the line, with the line of research that we were on years back, as the, as the kind of story went, the, the Cessna KV, the Cessna KV really related to the existence of, we spoke about the existence of a bond and it was the bond that had the value and it was the bond that was given a value in their game by them because they needed to turn man or woman into a figure on a balance sheet. And there's no way of doing that. You can't just put in infinity down because otherwise you're just going to have infinity plus infinity equals infinity and it becomes a nullity. So you had to put a figure and this is where the weight of the baby in gold and so on and so forth. So effectively you have these bonds, which are securities that becomes the capital on the balance sheet. And it's that capital, which can then be borrowed against in order to then just create a world in letters and numbers, which is what we're playing with at the moment, the game of monopoly. Now, as regards to Cessna K Trust,



 I pre the, the trust is, oh, are you, are we saying, are you saying that there is evidence of an actual trust with an actual fund, which is accessed? Is that what you're saying? Or is there, or are we confusing that with this entry? For example, if I set up a, if I was to set up a system today, let's say for example, I decided I'm going to create a magical world in my mind and I'm going to put a portion of value of let's say a hundred million. I'm writing it down now. A hundred million times seven billion people in my magical world that I've got written on my piece of paper. Okay. Does the fact that I've written down a value of a hundred million pounds for an individual, for a man or a woman, does that mean that someone can now access this piece of paper and spend that?



 Yes, but we're not talking money. Okay. We're talking credit. So a lot of people get confused. Everyone who learns about the Cester K V trust think there's a big pot of money in there and I go, well, no, okay. It's not money. Let's start with some of the basics. See the average, again, this is what the solving projects about is teach people this, but the average person, when they get a, here you go, tampon note, they think that's money and they go, that's not money. That's a promissory note. Okay. And then I try and tell them the history of that note. It's 20 pounds of what? Well, it used to be 20 pounds of silver. That used to be that promissory note, used to be backed by silver. So you take that 20 pounds to a bank and they would give you 20 pounds of silver. Okay. And then I try and explain to them what real money is, which is like a silver coin, which is intrinsic value. The gold, it's the silver itself has intrinsic value. There is no third party risk. Okay. This is not a contract. This is, this is a contract that you enter into. This is a contract that you enter into. Here's the thing is you don't own this. Even if you work for it and then your boss goes, here you go. It's still not yours. It's got the bank of England written on it. Even though the fonts all, you know, this evidence to say that this is pretty much worthless. It's not even a promissory note, but we won't go into that. So consider this a promissory note. Okay. You don't own this at all. You're, you've entered into a contract. So legal tender is nothing to do with money. So legal, legal tender is about discharging debts.



 Okay. So this is a promissory note, a pound note. And in America, they have what they called a dollar bill. And you go, well, why is it called a bill? And that's because that is a bill. So when you get a $20 bill, you're actually giving someone a bill. You'll go, you owe me 20 quid or $20. Right. So the way it works in legal tender, you say, for example, you hire a plumber and the plumber does some work for you. And then he says, here's your bill. It's $500. Okay. So he writes down on a piece of paper, your bill, $500. He writes it down and he gives you a piece of paper and he says, there you go. There's my bill. It's $500. You get your $500 bills and you present him with your bill and it cancels the two bills out. And that's no more debt. So that's how the monetary system actually works.

 So right. Okay. Right. Hold on a second. So let me just get this straight. So you're saying that by handing a dollar bill to someone, they now owe you the face, the nominal face value of the dollar bill.

 Yes.



 Is it not called, is it insane?

 I've got a disagree with you there. Is it not called a bill because it's a bill short for bill of exchange.



 And what's actually happening is that the fed, yes, who technically, let's say, so the fed owes you, let's say you deposited $20. Okay. With the fed and they give you this, this bill. Okay. Which is basically a bill of exchange. So you can actually hand that note to somebody else, which is basically saying, don't pay it to me, pay it to them. Cause that's what a bill of exchange is. Right. Yes. If you're, you're directing the flow from you to, from wherever to over to here. So, but that's not me paying them. And then they owe me.

 How's that work? How's that work? You're passing around a bill. Yeah. Absolutely correct.

 That's what you do on the field. The fed owes the, owes the gold or the silver to whoever I'm handing it to. Right. Now a promissory note is actually a special type of bill.



 Yes.



 Yes. Because it's the same effect. It's just, it's the same effect, but you're cutting a party out. If I promised to pay this dude here, the same effect where I've billed you. So you owe me money. I'm going to take that bill that you've accepted and pass it to him. The net effect is that he gets paid. Right. So a promissory note is a special type of bill, but I don't agree with that. If I hand this guy a $10 bill, he owes me $10. If anything, the fed owes him $10.

 No, you're giving him a bill. Correct. A bill on the fed.



 Yes. He doesn't owe me $10, does he?



 No, no, you canceled it. You canceled it. So the plumber, like he, yeah, the, so the plumber, he gives you a bill. You owe me $200 or $500. Right. A bill. You then give him a bill and it discharges the debt. It cancels each other out. Now the plumber thinks he's being paid. He hasn't. No payments being made. No, I agree.

 I agree that discharges in the plumber's mind. I agree that discharges the debt and his account over with a bank, which is part of the overall banking structure will be credited. Yeah. I agree with that. But the notion that if I give this diploma $500, he owes me $500. That's got to be false. Surely if anything, what's happening is he just expended $500 worth of work and energy. He sends, gives me his bill. I have to discharge that bill. And so I'm giving him bills which are drawn on the federal reserve bank. So in other words, the biggest debtors on the block are the banks because they haven't got enough gold or silver to fulfill the promises that they've actually made over the years.

 Right.

 That's why they've been making gold from the note. Sure. But the notion, I don't understand how you get this, he owes me $500 because I gave him $500 worth of bills.

 No, he doesn't because the two bills were discharged. So he doesn't owe you anything. You don't know.

 Okay. So what about if I just give someone, if I hand someone a $10 bill, they owe me $10?

 No, they've received a $10 bill. They can do with that bill, whatever they want. They can give it to someone else or they can discharge another bill. That's how it, I know it's insane, but this is how it works. Well, no, we just said earlier,

 I mean, it's just, it's just what you said earlier that if I hand him the $10, he gives me a bill for $500, I owe him. So I give him a bill for $500. He now owes me and it cancels it out. I disagree.

 Okay. No worries. But I know it's mind bending. I know it's mind bending. To try and get your brain around it. It's insane. It's taken me years to just chew over this. Okay. This is how it works. Now going back to the Cester KV Trust. Now everyone thinks there's a big pot of money there. No, no, no, there isn't. Okay. It's a ledger. All right. It's credit and debt. There's no money. There's nothing of value going on. The word credit comes from credible. Okay. So is that person credible? And if he is, then you'll give him credit. So basically what's going on is like saying,



 I'll have a beer from the bartender and then the bartender says, who's going to pay it? And I'll go George over there. And then the bartender looks at George and oh, he's credible. Yeah. I will give him credit. So I'll give credit where credit is due. And that's what's going on. So it's just a ledger of credit and debt. And all it's going on is the credit and the debt tally out. And that's all of this. So there's no, it's all security notes. It's all IOU. So a note is,



 if I give you a note, that's an, that is a IOU. If I give you a bill that is you owe me, it's two sides of the same transaction.



 I know is mind bending. It really is.



 You can, you can wake up, you can spend hours at night not sleeping, trying to figure all this out. You know what I mean?



 So when I started, honestly, but when I started researching this, cause I, you know, why has this got value? How can, how can the government turn around and say, remember we had paper notes, the 20 pound, they just got rid of. Okay. They said on a certain date, it no longer has value. And you go, well, hang on a minute. It had value before that date. So where's the value gone? And of course, it never had value to begin with. That's the scam. These are worthless pieces of plastic. There's barely three pence of plastic in this 20 pound note. That's real money. And we've got to go back to using silver and gold. Very simple to understand. No third party risk, true intrinsic value.



 But yeah.



 Again, I don't go too deep with the sister KV trust stuff because when we do the 22 week course, it's a, what I would say is a foundation. It's a, it's a, it's a low level just to get the lay person. I'm talking about lay people, lay people who have never written a letter in all their lives. They don't know what all rights reserved means. Okay. So that's what I'm trying to deal with. People are panicking and go, what do I do? What do I do? And I go, okay, I'm going to show you the basics. I'm going to show you how contracts works. I'm going to show you how an affidavit works. There's people out there who've never heard of what an affidavit is. So I try and show them. Okay. I give them a foundation. So now they're good to go. Now they've got a good understanding of how it works. Now they can go.

 When you say, when you say good to go, I mean, say, don't get, don't get me wrong. I kind of applaud in a way, way back when, you know, there's no one man unless, unless you've got a huge following online, no one can see, you know,



 kind of train everyone, right? And teach everyone. So you need lots of people out there who are imparting, but by the same token, um, in imparting information that there's no, there's no kind of easy route as it were. I appreciate you've got to start on, you know, you can only climb a ladder by starting on the first run. You can only start, you know, can only run a marathon by taking that first step, but there are many steps. Um, and yes, the concern I've got, I'll be honest, the concern I've got with what I've seen out there with, you know, I mean, I've been doing this for 15 years now and, um, you know, we, we have a kind of robust training program over at you and your cash, which, you know, is, is requiring, I think is quite requiring, but I think it's overly requiring. It's not as requiring as I think it should be or could be, but it is requiring it as much as we require people to be serious and to actually desire to put in the effort because you have to, because your entire life is, has been built around these commercial entities who have shaped our lives with their products and services. And we've been dragged into this real life game of monopoly, which we're playing out and being controlled like pawns on a chessboard, but with words and numbers. And this is what's pulling and pushing us around words and numbers. And if someone else's words and numbers, right? It's someone else's you're absolutely correct. And they're pulling our strings. So, yes. So the point is, I just, I understand and I, and I applaud on, obviously on the, on the foundational side, but I wouldn't necessarily say people are good to go after a small snippet of information. Well, you know, I think we mentioned at the beginning, I think you yourself said that, you know, people arming people, just a little bit of information is dangerous and that's true. So to give them a little bit of information and then say, well, on the one hand, that's dangerous, but by the, on the other hand, you're good to go. Well, you're not good to go. You're good to go and do some more research.

 That's what I mean. That's what I mean. Yes. You are good to go. You now can start your journey. Now you can start digging into the sester KV trust. If you want to go down that route, you can take control of your birth certificate. If you want to do that, you can set up a trust. Now you know how that works. You can do all these things. You get into UCC. If you want, you can do postal mechanics if you want. Now you're good to go. So when I'm saying good to code, it doesn't mean you know everything and no one will. And by the way, I don't, I do not know everything. I never will. And I don't trust anyone out there who says they do.



 I've been researching a very long time on this. I've got some good information. I tend to share it for free. And if you want it, have it. If you don't, don't take it. It's free. Okay. It's that simple. So no, when I say good to go, you're now good to go on your journey of discovery and figure out the bigger issues. You can get into the fiat currency system. Now, you know, I wrote a book a few years ago, trying to explain the basics, like what is quantitative easing, what is fractional reserve banking, all this, what's a promise. I mean, no, all this, because I was talking to people in the street years ago and I would say, Oh, the financial system's going to crash. It's just one giant Ponzi scheme. And they say, what's a Ponzi scheme?



 Oh God. So these people know nothing. So I have to give them something so they're ready to learn. You know what I mean? So that's what I try and do. And I've got a lot of people come, they fully enjoy it. Okay. They say they've learned a lot. And with the stuff that I've been able to share with them, they can now spot the scammers out there. Now they're coming back to me and they get, you know, a few months later after what I've taught them, I said, I can spot the scammers now.



 So no, I don't tell people what to do. I'll show you how it works.

 I like your logo, by the way. Yes.



 Very good.

 Very smart. The sovereign project, the upside down triangle.

 Yeah.

 Meaning behind that.

 Yeah, I bet.



 I like that. No, very good. Right. Okay. Well, hey, look, Pete, you know, I say, I've never met you before. So it was good to chat. It was great.

 Really enjoyed it. It's a good challenge.



 You know what I mean?



 We're all going on our own separate journeys, but yes, thoroughly enjoyed myself. Fantastic. Good stuff. Good to chat to you.