 It's been seven days since Maxwell Chikombuso launched his free energy vehicle and microsonic device. But here's the problem. No one knows where to buy it. No official stores, no online orders, no dealerships, just silence. What we're left with are the claims made at the launch event, including one surprising endorsement. He passed her who took the stage to vouch for the technology. According to him, he's seen the device working with his own eyes. He stressed that the microsonic energy device is the core technology with the potential to change the world, while the launch products are examples of its application. But here's the question. Should we believe this technology works simply because a religious leader says so? Or should say if technologies have brought actual users on stage to say that the device powers their homes? Now I'm going to play the clip of the pastor's statement from the launch event. Listen closely to his words and let me know what you think about this. Well, somebody is asking a question. So what does a pastor have to do with energy? It all starts in the spirit, I guess. So it goes back all the way back around early 2000s. And this young man called Marx was in a church, which I happened to be his youth pastor during that time. And after praying and the world see was in a church, he gets this revolution.



 And the Lord giving the way that saved the Lord. And that's where the name said comes from. He does care for the aspects of the past and so over the years Marx has struggled and



 maneuvered and developed to explore and to understand the God given talent that he he knows in him. So in the first instance, around 1999, I'm a mix of my dates. I'm not as young anymore. Around 1999, he came up with this first shocking thing. So he came up with this radio transmitter. And it was all over the news. And I remember that time when he was asked to shut it down. Long story, making it short over the years, he then started waking out the aspect of energy.



 And from 2000, somewhere there, we distant ourselves and went apart. And so when I came back around 2009, we reconnected. And he told me the story that he has finally gotten breakthrough in building an energy source that is going to change the world. So it was the generator.



 It was the microsonic energy device. And so over the years, he has worked on to scale it up. And around 2016, 2015, 2016, he came up with a half megawatt. I mean, some of you were coming in, you saw the on the on the on one of the billboards, he came up with a half megawatt prototype. And you called me and said, pasta, I've done a half megawatt. And I believe this can power out houses.



 And I said, Are you sure? Then he said, yes, come and see it. So I went to his office in Blufford, then. And I spent a whole day there and said, Okay, you know, I'm a pastor, but pastors are also allowed into doubt. So can you prove it to me? And then he said, Okay, so he powered the home building. And the whole day I was there, the whole building was going on, you know, with the half megawatts that he had built in. Moving forward, some few years ago, he then got in a connection with some scientists was brought in by one of our friends, Foster Gumbo, brought in the scientists. And he had taken his machine in a container at the celebration change. And the scientists came in, and they wanted to prove whether what Marx claims is really producing energy. So they came in, they didn't put in a heavy payload, I'm not saying something that I read, I'm saying something that I witnessed. I was there. So I was in I with. So they put it there, draining the machine for three and a half hours with the heavy payload.



 And after that, when they went back to measure the batteries, low in the bone, the batteries were full. And the engineer was alarmed. And he said, I've never seen like anything like this. I could see Foster almost shedding out tears. But the journey has been long. And I have an experience of working with investors. One of the things that I've learned over the years, working with Marx is inventors, some of them are so artificial. So Marx loves perfection in things.



 And so over the years, they came to on doing it and doing it and doing it. And I mean, I was surprised to see that the same thing is actually going back to a very small unit that can actually be taken by an individual family to power out their house. So ladies and gentlemen, as we are gathering here, my witness and testimony is to say this. We are in a moment in our generation, where we are beginning to see extraordinary weights and the acts of skill that God imparts in his people. I know many people don't want to hear God and technology, but let me prove that before you. It is very clear in the Bible, it is God who his people gives. And he says in his word, I put my spirit in Bezah, the spirit of craftsmanship. So it is God who implants the spirit in people to be innovative, to be creative and to come up with new innovations. So today, we stand here to see the microsonic energy device is the thing that we are gathered to see here. The car is a product. It is not the main thing. The real thing that is going to change the world is the microsonic energy device, which Max will be explaining shortly. So welcome to this journey.



 I want to say the same. Martin and Tim are also exploring the journey. And let's explore the journey together and believe God for this supernatural wisdom that is in order for this generation to change the world. So welcome to the journey and let's experience it together.



 Thank you very much to the men of God, Pastor Katar and Max.



 My task is very easy today, much as I am a keynote speaker, but I've also come a long way with Max. I think after hearing of his innovations that were disruptive and defined



 the laws of physics, I made it a point that I visited him and it led me to his factory and laboratory.



 And I was as disturbed, confused as most of the comments that we are seeing today on social media, which regrettably lack any information and are not factual about what is on the ground. I've touched and experienced the phenomenal, unbelievable



 power that is coming out of the microsonic energy technology. I want to acknowledge the dignitaries that are here, some that are viewing this



 on social media online. I also want to acknowledge the CEO and St. Walden's Technologies Board and the key men driving these technologies, Maxwell, Chukomoto. Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, innovators, I know there are innovators in this room, industry leaders, members of the fourth instance who are here present, friends and technology, friends of technology, good evening to all of you. It is indeed a privilege



 and an honor to stand before you today at this remarkable occasion at the launch of onwho has amazing NASA crew and