 This is what the Zimbabwe inventor said after launching his product, which will give unlimited range to your electric vehicle. No more running out of charge. We've just given us. We saw a very interesting technological thing that you have been offering here. But many people are still in doubt. What is the source and how reliable is this? And is this going to be able to sustain for years?



 You know, it's only that in Zimbabwe we are having this kind of a situation.



 But I think you've seen like the guys who came from Israel. We've got guys who came from Switzerland. These are the guys I've been working with for years. They have tested it. Some of them they've bought my products before. Like Emmanuel. Emmanuel, I think he bought two machines for himself. Right now he bought a car. Right now he bought a motorbike, which he's taking with him. So it's all about the proof of the pudding. He tested it. That's why he came.



 And when are we expecting this to actually be commercialized in the market? We have started commission. We are in the commercial stage starting from tomorrow. We have got small machines. Most of them they've been bought with these guys who came. We've got guys from DRC.



 He bought some machines as well. We didn't have much, but right now we are now in operation.



 And we have a one-semi-sin can now get it. We've got our distributor here in Zimbabwe who is going to be handling all the sales in Zimbabwe. So from now going onwards, you can now get the machines. I mean, they're readily available in the market. And if you can help us with the pricing?



 Okay. I cannot give you the actual number, but I will just tell you something. The guys in South Africa, they give us an order for 3,000 machines. They give for South Africa and they give us 20,000 machines for Zambia. That's a Chase Rosa, the one that you saw.



 I've been working with him for so many years. He bought my first 50 kilowatts machine. He's a lawyer. He's a commercial lawyer in South Africa.



 So, and Nadim, I think if you've seen, when we went to a company that wanted to partner, which make buses, Nadim, he is the person who took us there. So these are the people that I've been working with. We have got my technologies. And right now, as of today, we have got 20,000 in Zambia. And we have got 3,000 in South Africa. We are not talking of other countries like Switzerland. I'm not so sure. I'm meeting tomorrow the guys from Switzerland. But what I know right now, they bought a car, one of our cars and one of our motorbikes, which they are taking with them. So I think that is enough proof for people to see. And they did not buy it at the actual cost. They bought it at a higher cost. They said it's something that we treasure. We need to put it in a museum. What happens about? How much backup and support do you have so that we can stay quiet? Okay.



 I think we share a lot of the plans for this year. But right now, we are ready to work. We are not operating like what we did in 2015. We have got backup. We've got a team of technicians. We've got a team of engineers.



 And yeah, just expect a lot to be done this year.