 Big news, Maxwell Chikumbuzzo and Saeth Technologies are planning a massive road trip demonstration to prove their microsonic energy device works. And we've got the inside scoop. A few days ago, we reached out to Saeth Technologies on Instagram to ask about two things. When the highly anticipated road trip demonstration will happen and when their products will finally be available for purchase. To our surprise, we got answers. And we're going to share a screenshot so you know this isn't just speculation. According to Saeth Technologies, they're currently working on organizing a road trip where a vehicle powered by the microsonic energy device will travel embrace the road for the first time for us to see. If you remember on the launch day, they said it will be from Harare, Zimbabwe, all the way to Egypt. So we tried our car to carry to Cairo live on TV. Everyone watching. That would be not home. Right now we're doing this thing. We tried asking for specifics if it will be so, but that question has not been answered yet. But this demonstration aims to prove that the vehicle can run for hours or even days without needing to stop for fuel or charging. We also inquired whether it will be a live stream and where to stream it. But we are still waiting for answers. And once we get answers, we will update you. But that's not all. When it comes to releasing confirmed and final prices for their products, Saeth Technologies has scheduled this for some time in March. This aligns with what ZimTech guy mentioned earlier about the new website being launched soon, which could provide more detailed information about the products, pricing, and availability. Of course, we didn't stop there. Our team member also asked whether the products will be accessible outside Zimbabwe once they're unveiled in March. While we're still waiting for a clear answer on that, we'll keep you updated as soon as we hear back. We also inquired about the exact dates for the road trip, but that information is still pending. If you have any more information about this, maybe questions of your own that you asked Saeth Technologies and got replies from them, feel free to share with us via the email in the description. We'll keep you posted as more details emerge. This is a huge step for Maxwell Chicken Butso in Saeth Technologies. If the road trip demonstration succeeds, it could silence skeptics and prove that the microsonic energy device is the real deal. But until then, questions remain. Will the vehicle really make it to Egypt without stopping? Will the technology hold up under real world conditions? And most importantly, will the products be available to the public as promised?