 Hi, um, so there has been this information that I would want to share with you because it's very important considering the fact that I have been talking about Maxwell Chukumbutsu's inventions from Zimbabwe, the microsonic energy devices and even the electric cars So recently I saw some posts on X formerly known as Twitter and I also saw some videos on YouTube talking about different prices of this product starting from ten thousand US dollars I wanted to do a video about this but I thought to myself like as usual before I do a video it's always good to do some background check and during these background checks there are so many things that I got to discover and I'd want to share with you because This is not good. Alright, so now let me take you right into the computer so you can see what I'm talking about So there has been this X accounts, Maxwell Chukumbutsu Sangulani and This is what I noticed this account has been sharing information about All what that has been happening concerning these devices and all whatnot So 20 hours ago they made this post on X talking about the pricing of different equipment that you can buy and Put into your car in order to Not use fuel or ever charge a car again And I got to discover that this was not real in the sense that I picked out this I downloaded this flyer and I went to Photoshop



 Using Photoshop I was able to extract all the images on this flyer I now decided to go on to Google Let me just actually walk you through the process. I decided to go on to Google in order to do an image search These are the images. This is the flyer. I use this flyer to extract these images So now let's do a quick Google search of any of these images



 Let's pick this first anyone anyone You See Now here are the results Let's take for example this first one The resolution is not the best but look at this image now come back here



 and look at these



 This image Is the same with these So



 What happened is this individual decided to go to the internet and Downloaded several images in order to use on this flyer. Let's try another image Okay



 From the results that image this is it and we can even decide to visit before visiting the website Let's do a comparison



 Because I know a Some of you might actually have challenges with my accent That's why I had to use subtitles so that you can actually catch up with this. So look at this image and Then here it is



 Let's visit the website



 So as you can see



 what this individual did was that they decided to go onto the internet and downloaded images to use on this flyer Presently, let me point something out to you. I



 Notice that on X if I step backwards this just happened some few minutes ago. I Think the account has been blocked



 Okay, no, this is it Look at these this account is temporarily restricted



 So I think the people over at X they actually discovered that something was not right So they restricted that account under these posts. There were so many replies and When I wanted to check now, I discovered that the replies were no longer available The replies were no longer available because maybe X discovered that something is wrong And now what this guy was doing was the replies were mostly about getting into his inbox It was doing everything possible to see that people email him through this email address And that was what actually made me to understand that Okay, this person is just trying to get people into his inbox in order to extract money from them



 Yeah, so by doing these background checks, I was able to actually understand that this is what was happening so I'll say that please



 Don't send money to anybody in as much as this is concerned because So I really hope you get to see the points. I'm trying to make one. This is a very effective account This is not the original Twitter account of Maxwell Chikombutsu So the person actually came up with a flyer with images that way being downloaded from the internet but we know that Maxwell Chikombutsu's inventions are very unique and you cannot find them anywhere on the internet



 thirdly This person is doing everything possible to redirect people into his inbox. That was it even before The replies he was replying to the comments on this Twitter post. I don't know I think maybe the account got reported or something. I don't know what happened, but even before that happened Every reply he made was about telling people to get into his inbox This is not yet in the final stages. I can't say this is in the final stages and There are so many tests that need to be made like I remember the last video when I was doing research To make the last video. Mr. Maxwell was actually making mention of the fact that He's going to do a live stream with a TV station He's going to do a live stream with a TV station whereby they are going to drive from Zimbabwe to Egypt



 in order to actually make people see that In order to actually make people see that his devices don't need anywhere or Recharging they are going to drive on a live stream from Zimbabwe right up to Egypt right up to Egypt. So until such tests have been made and Several other confirmations are being made only then can you actually send money to anybody? Or can you actually purchase any of these things as per now? I will say please don't purchase anything don't send money to anybody in the name of trying to purchase any microsonic device Please don't do that as per this moment So I'll definitely be looking into this story every now and then and if anything comes up I'll definitely share that with you. I know from the previous video so many people have been saying this is calm and all or not but again, I Know everybody has the right to their opinion in as much as issues like this are concerned They are skeptics and they are all kinds of people and it's very very normal It's very much. Okay, so



 That notwithstanding I'll still do my best to see that I follow up this story and bring authentic information to you guys So, um, this is what has been up But before I go I must still emphasize that don't send money to anybody in as much as much way to compose Devices are concerned as per this moment. Please don't send money to anybody Don't even get into anybody's inbox and give them the chance to convince you To convince you with lies so that you can send them money. I regret after please take that from me Don't do that. So This is Frank the face behind uplifting Africa and I thank you so very much for watching Please don't forget to hit on that like don't please don't forget to hit on the like button and also subscribe to the channel For more updates on these and other positive stories From Africa. Thanks so very much for watching and I look forward to seeing you in the next video