 The mafia in the oil industry is more deadly, but I've been fighting battles all my life. These are the words of Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote. There is a reason why anyone who proposes alternative energy ends up losing their lives.



 From Nikola Tesla, Eugene Marlov, and Stanley Meyer, who came up with a vehicle that could run on water.



 Sadly, he was poisoned at a restaurant while meeting some Belgian investors.



 And you know who else was poisoned?



 Maxo Cungulani Cukumbutsu, the Zimbabwean inventor behind the self-powered vehicles, appliances, and other machinery, he claims run on radio waves.



 Maxo Cukumbutsu was raised in Koazana, a high-density suburb in the western part of the capital, Arare. He had a very tough upbringing, which led him to dropping out of school at Form 2, which is Grade 9 in other countries. His big break came at the age of 15 when he converted to Christianity. And soon afterwards, he started seeing visions.



 Maxo Cukumbutsu started working on the Microsonic energy device back in 2003.



 Though this is his most popular invention, it is not his only invention. He developed a radio broadcasting machine, which was eventually banned by the Zimbabwean government, for operating illegally. He also developed a digital navigation facilitator for the aviation industry that could help planes run optimally when landing.



 But because he didn't have an educational background, he could not secure funding for it. Fortunately for him, the first working prototype of his Microsonic energy device started working in 2009 after enduring health complications. Despite Maxo trying frantically to get funding, he could not. Eventually, his big break came when Dr. Teddy D'Almeida, an Angolan businessman based in South Africa, gave him US$500,000, with no strings attached in 2015. Through that, he came up with his first prototypes, a self-powered car, helicopter, drone, and self-powered generator.



 These were widely publicized. Despite all this, Maxo Cukumbutsu was heavily criticized by people in the scientific community. He was labeled as "camer." The argument, even to this day, is that his inventions defy the laws of thermodynamics. To make matters worse, Maxo Cukumbutsu was arrested in 2018, facing six counts of armed robbery. Alongside five alleged accomplices, charges he denies to this day. Despite all this, Cukumbutsu's work gained the attention of Foster Gamble in 2018. Foster Gamble, the heir of Proctor and Gamble Empire and producer of the acclaimed Thrive documentary, came with a scientist, Nils Rognerad, to Zimbabwe to test out Maxo Cukumbutsu's 500-kilowatt self-powered generator. After weeks of rigorous testing, they concluded that his 500-kilowatt generator was in fact real. So where's the energy coming from? Well, I'm missing it straight away from the natural energy that God has just put in our head, the radio frequency.



 So nothing on your side, but the main point is that a meter away there's no frequencies being transmitted from a microwave tower next to the park we're standing in. Despite all this, the media was still against Maxo Cukumbutsu, and getting arrested for armed robbery did not help his cause at all.



 In a quest to get more exposure for his inventions, Maxo Cukumbutsu traveled to the United States of America. He was based in Santa Monica. There he started developing drones.



 Whilst in America, Maxo and his business partner, Dr. D. Almeida, were allegedly poisoned. And eventually, Dr. D. Almeida ended up succumbing to the poison. Cukumbutsu later returned to Zimbabwe at the invitation of the president of Zimbabwe. In January 2022, Maxo Cukumbutsu unveiled the world's first self-powered TV. And once again, he received backlash from the public. After years away from the public scene in 2025, Cukumbutsu resurfaced and announced the launch of his self-powered vehicle in conjunction with Ka'i, a Chinese automaker, a bike, and a portable generator.



 Even when we tried to fire a patent, they said we were violating the natural laws of physics.



 So it's not an industrial applicable. We decided to take the trade secret route after that.



 So with this car, you can also use it to power your house. It is a moving generator. When you drive from work, back to your home, you can connect your power cable, then you can power your house. It gives you 15 kilowatts power to power your house. And the vehicle itself just got 160 kilowatts electric motor, which gives you a torque of about 320 to 308 meters of torque. That means it's fast.



 Cukumbutsu once again faced backlash from his own countrymen, even internationally, despite even a reputable institution validating his works. I think after hearing of his innovations that were disruptive and defying the laws of physics,



 I made it a point that I visited him and it led me to his factory and laboratory.



 And I was as disturbed, confused as most of the comments that we are seeing today on social media, which regrettably lack any information and are not factual about what is on the ground.



 I've touched and experienced the phenomenal unbelievable power that is coming out of the micro-sodic energy technology.



 It's either Max Cukumbutsu, he has run the most elaborate scam in the history of the world, or he is in fact the genius that people will respect after he dies, just like Nikola Tesla. At the time of posting this, Maxwell is now ready to sell his inventions to the public. So if you're watching this in the future, how did it go? Was it a scam or was it the real deal?