 The type of technology Maxwell Chikombuzzo claims to be developing seems to be so dangerous that it has put his life at risk making him to need more protection than anyone else. He claims that it's not about boasting but if you see how groundbreaking his technology is you will know why it's threatening to some companies.



 At the end of this video we'll play one of Maxwell's interviews where he discusses these threats in depth in his own words. Maxwell himself has hinted in interviews that his life is in danger and when you look at what such invention can do it's easy to see why. His microsonic energy device promises free unlimited energy, a technology that could topple big oil corporations and the battery industry and disrupt every form of energy production we rely on today. If successful it would shift the balance of power leaving Maxwell in control of the energy that runs everything for free and that's something many powerful entities will not want to happen. This has led to serious consequences for Maxwell. He claims that while in the US there was an attempt on his life that left him hospitalized. The incident impacted his health resulting in the loss of one of his organs but also led to the death of his main business partner. It doesn't stop there. Investors who supported Maxwell's work have also met tragic fates under mysterious circumstances. For example, genius who we have mentioned earlier passed away in mysterious accident that was claimed to have been well or castered by uncooled people. Apna would have been partnered the man who sponsored you okay the first one who gave you 120k thousand okay and passed away through poisoning and now Janimbi dies just less than three years later. Sorry Janimbi died in 2020 isn't it yeah yeah so 2017 and then yeah less than three years later Janimbi is your next financier right how much did Janimbi give you by the way sorry if I'm asking. My relationship with genius was you were like my young brother genius when I met him the first time. Saka. Are you aware and what can you say to the reports suggesting that he was assassinated that he sees me that he was killed I used assassinate there it might be it's an inappropriate term but he was killed that someone tampered with his car and he was on target to be to be killed. I think I don't have the right to answer that question. I think the police were kind of accident scene they know what that is another investor Dr. Teddy who Max saw him like an angel investor reportedly invested one hundred twenty thousand dollars in Maxwell's invention also died under mysterious circumstances in South Africa suspected to have been a poisoning case by doctors these events suggest that powerful forces are working to prevent Maxwell's technology from ever seeing the light of day. Maxwell claims he's not even safe in his home country of Zimbabwe at one point a sniper was reportedly sent to assassinate him fortunately the plot was thwarted in advance and the sniper was treated as a terrorist case by Zimbabwean authorities. Maxwell also says he receives numerous threats from people who don't want his technology to succeed some of these individuals allegedly try to buy his technology or force partnerships but Maxwell has refused knowing the stakes are too high to protect himself Maxwell lives in a location known only to a few close friends and colleagues. Yeah I left KwaZana because I was staying with my mom and I'm living somewhere for some security reasons I won't say it's on air but I will share with you even the video the pictures it wrong so that you can see where I am and the life that I live. One of the what are you see people they think it could maybe genius he was giving me minor or something like that no. This secrecy points to a man living in constant fear for his life aware that many powerful entities might be after him we are going to play Maxwell's interviews where he discusses these threats in his own words some parts are in shona but in most cases it's in english listen closely and decide for yourself is Maxwell's invention so revolutionary that it's worth killing for or is there more to the story? You know I wanted to



 tell you something that happened the last year I was in West so I just wanted to point to you but right now I think we are waiting on something for Zimbabwe



 so a lot of things happened yeah I think yeah we that I lost a business partner who was poisoned and I was also a victim of poison like last year it was a very terrible year for me and lost a kidney due to poison. So the business partner you lost is this the young golden man who had given you some money? Yes. The golden man from South Africa? Yes that's the man that we lost first I think in truth it was in January 2017 that's when he died it was a very safe death you know so you know because of those kind of things so I don't get to not delay a process because in me I'm not a businessman like I always tell people but I mean I'm a gifted person in the field of science to say what I know best is scientifically related to things not in the business so he was running the business and I was focusing on the technique outside but unfortunately he left us and at that time when he left you know things were so bad I went to Bexqueer zero to say there was no one to stand and trying to think about that sorry Mr. Kansa but I don't know what you're trying to find for me so I'm just cutting so that I can talk to you. Thank you. Bear with me because of that Mr. Kansa you see and I think you know good deal I think I need to elaborate with my answer is why am I like white. Free energy it is a very dangerous field to say and we have seen it in the past. Pandaka approached one of my scientists of American ones with one American scientist. Then there was another guy in Korea who did an ice self generated a body using permanent magnetic motors. That guy he was a fault dead in his house in South Korea I don't show gas whatever that happens and he died so I'm just explaining to the



 risk that we face at times it is dangerous. So Dr. Almeida he didn't he didn't fund you did he because on the video there was a reportage that suggested that he had given you of more than a million dollars. You know people they can just talk but that's the good thing would you ask me we cannot call it good. Dr. Ted was a partner. I think he gave me some money



 I think that time it was 120,000. Then he said Max I want people who are serious. So 120,000 runs in many a 120,000 years to buy my machines. Yes. What finance you from today. That's how I met Dr. Ted. So I think he was like an angel investor to say I don't know. In India there was one American national doctor Ted and that one is hard later. This man he stood with me. About for a more young one we thought he'd been asking anything in routine. Dr. Ted do you mind to be the CEO of the company since my guy named my business is A. So I think it's not going to run a challenge. It is not focused on the technical side. Then he agreed. That's how Dr. Ted and I began working together and that's why he came particator that opened day to day to day. He was the CEO. That was my relationship with him.



 And you said he passed away in 2014 or 2016. Or 2017 I see. I got misled by a post on his Twitter account that suggested that he was in



 hospital. Yes. And you had fallen out when sorry before. How earlier? Well when I met Dr. Ted it was in 2012 in the old November.



 Was he not hurt that you pulled the plug on him suddenly you know after investing 120 US dollars 120,000 US dollars.



 Dr. Ted when I told him we cannot work together that was in 2012.



 I was one of the few people that was in South Africa that time. Right. Okay. I see. Okay. Sorry. I got confused there because I thought earlier on you'd say you had a fallout about about about shares. Okay.



 Okay. And then you and then and then later on he died.



 Yes he died in 2017. We're in the United States of America together. Then he's the other was not okay. No but I know I need to go big South Africa because that's where his family was. And you feel it was poison. You feel it was he was poisoned.



 The doctors confirmed that it was poison.



 And you do you think that that was connected to you. It was because of you was because of your work that he was poisoned or it was something else. You know I don't want to comment on that because I don't have information what we know according to the doctors they said he was poisoned and knowing our work like him the same thing happened to me few I think few years later I was also poisoned. So is it a coincidence is it someone who wants us to die because the shield that you're in danger of some kind of simple I receive threats almost every day you know.



 One of you are going to change your talk about documents those kind of things is no no purpose especially because today's is a day accident again. So I think I was trade fraud from airport number you know I was tired jet lag nobody can worry in the Nanda China iPhone I think I got a phone X in the bag up in the late go to buy getting no one younger back out I got a part my fingerprints are at or repairable but it is like a matter of minutes but I got a zone of people when he was very close to the wardrobe. Anything else. So you see those are some of the things that we go through in this new disease. Our technology can work in anything it can work in a car it can work in a TV it can work in a light bulb.



 So this is something that is threatening the whole energy sector we have sort of like rewriting history and there are no control of action no you cannot do that I've got a number of companies for the past we're coming to me saying no so this technology to us just leave it and to now. I think I want you to talk to if you can talk with one of the directors that are if I think you can you can guide you to the process I'm not interested in the but I know these tips I do have I do I do have a team of contributors what was in my who have registered patents and would you be interested if I could if I could link you up with some of them and they could they could if you would you be interested in because they can easily mean one of them here I can actually give you his name and we were together we were actually talking just yesterday and he was showing me his own patents that he has registered and and and he was based as well very you know and so and I are you aware and what can you say to the reports suggesting that he was assassinated that he sees me that he was killed I used assassinate there it might be it's an inappropriate term but he was killed that someone tampered with his car and he was on target to be to be killed.



 You know I think I don't have the right to answer that question I think the police were kind of accident scene they know about that reason in what I can tell you is when genius died I think it was around first eight nine o'clock in the morning that the phone near well I I ate the call with the genius we're doing a zoom meeting with a lot of people don't matter what genius I want you to be part of this zoom meeting because it was international genius



 It was amazing



 So it was in the morning I was scheduled



 the only person who can give me information is his uncle