 believes Zimbabweans are capable of spearheading game-changing first-of-a-kind innovations that challenge the world's traditional ways of doing things. President Monagawa said no one can take away that capability. He said this earlier today when Zimbabwean innovator and inventor Makso Chukumbuzo paid a courtesy call showcasing his latest invention of the world's first if soft-powering vehicles and motorbikes that run just on radio waves.



 This is one of Chukumbuzo's groundbreaking innovations. He calls it a self-powering electric vehicle powered entirely by radio waves. This is the first of its kind in the world. Today, Chukumbuzo paid a courtesy call on President Monagawa at the State House in Harare, where he presented his latest inventions.



 You can see the battery. It will start to check itself. The president said such a testament that Zimbabweans were skilled enough to usher leading inventions that defy logic.



 This is the only vehicle that exists in the world. There is no harm in the world. This is the only vehicle in the world that is here in Zimbabwe, this young Zimbabwean. He's so gifted, he would believe it. When he first came to talk to me, I felt he had some Indian world wires.



 It's well connected.



 Chukumbuzo took the opportunity to explain and demonstrate how his latest invention works.



 So with this car, you can also use it to power your house. It is a moving generator. When you drive from work back to your home, you can connect your power cable, then you can power your house. It gives you 15 kilowatts power to power your house. And the vehicle itself, it has got 160 kilowatts electric motor, which gives you a talk of about



 320 to 308 meters of torque. That means it's fast.



 President Monagawa revealed that he was personally supporting Chukumbuzo in his endeavors. The 44-year-old high school dropout was initially offered millions of dollars by the United States of America to stay and continue his work in the country and offer he refused. The president praised Chukumbuzo's innovation, which include wireless self-powering drones and television sets, among other inventions. It's a very simple process. It's a very simple process. It's a very simple process. It's a very simple process. And it happened.



 The inventor chronicled how himself and his colleague had been poisoned in the United States of America because their idea was challenging traditional ways of thinking. Chukumbuzo's colleagues succumbed to the poisoning incident. With that technology to violate the laws of energy, thermodynamics can also be the first law of energy as well. So they wanted to arrest him for changing physics. Yes, yes. Even when we tried to find a patent, they said we're violating the natural laws of physics.



 So it's not an industrial applicable. We decided to take the trade secret. Chukumbuzo says he has partnered a Chinese firm and is working on setting up a plant in Zimbabwe to manufacture and distribute the self-powering electric vehicle. For the TM Prime, I am Satoshi Siwagwaza.