

 That's a warrant. Page one of... One. Very interesting crest. Like I said, they'll have to justify that crest. I'm pretty sure they'll try to. I don't know what it is. I've never seen one before like that. Are they not supposed to be signed? Video footage. Would it be alright to include it? Are the police officers coming to your house?

 Of course, yeah. I've gone on tired.



 The whole footage? The whole footage, yeah. I can give you an un-e-d-e-d-evasion if you need it, Mark.



 What's your name? What's your surname? What's your surname?



 My name is 5891 based on... Well, that's a corporation! You've got no business yet, come on.



 How much you letting yourself... You letting me see what? Where's that business? It's Mr Freling. That's Mr Freling. Michael, are you coming in your bills? 8-1. It's Mr Freling.



 It's Mr Freling. You're just fucking... You're just fucking... I'm on the rest.



 Do you understand?



 You let the fuck happen now!



 I'm still mad. We're going! We've been calling the chap. We've been out!



 Fucking rat!



 So, today 5891 is claiming what?

 He's claiming he's now winning the role of Constable, but on the visual, on the visual that you post with George, he kept giving his name, 5891, so he was there in a commercial capacity. The warrants in law, he who makes the claim has the burden of proof, so he's made the claim he had the warrants and I asked him, can I ascertain who's issued the warrants and he repeatedly failed to produce the warrants.



 Now, 12 months later, this Asian 5891 was bringing a claim of assault against me, but he wouldn't produce the warrants, he was committing fraud and he was trespassing at the time. He's assaulting me and I'd react to this under the Castle of Dzogtun.



 What they're doing at the moment, they've not only not got no authority after the Clearfield Doctrine, they're just doing whatever they want. This is a mafia gang and they need removing.



 It's also a crime to fund terrorism, so the taxpayer now needs to take a serious off themselves because they're funding the terrorist organisation and in law, ignorance of the law is no excuse, so you will be accused of treason as a secondary offender for paying tax.



 It's actually a voluntary, but it's only if you use that corporate need, which is in a dog latin glosset or cap, which has no standing in a constitutional court, no grammatical standing in a constitutional court. This is why they call it spelling, it's witchcraft.



 I'm here to answer alleged charges for a legal friction, which I no longer have part of a attorney over, so I'm acting the court of crossfire of your life. I haven't given power of attorney awaits your foreign private trust for the commercial entity Michael Fairlawn.



 Peter, you're the power of attorney today, mate, yeah?

 Yeah, that's right.

 Okay, can you tell us what's not happened today?

 Well today, what we're going to do is we're going to issue a limited power of attorney to Michael Henry so that he can speak under special visitation.



 Peter, can you tell us about what the Crown's been up to, please, mate?

 Well, the Crown Corporation at the moment don't really have any standing whilst currently accused of the following crimes.



 Perjury,



 false statements by officials regarding vaccine safety and justification for mandates, breach of international law, the Nuremberg Code, mandates for vaccines violated the requirement for informed voluntary consent, human experimentation without clear benefits or sufficient safety testing, the Geneva Conventions, denial of medical autonomy and coercion of medical treatments are prohibited under the international humanitarian law, universal declaration of bioethics and human rights, violations of autonomy, dignity, and the right to refuse medical intervention, Rome statutes of the International Criminal Court, crimes against humanity, including systematic acts causing great suffering and injury, the crimes against the humanity defined under Article 7 of the Rome statute, crimes against humanity include systematic persecution of unvaccinated individuals through discrimination, exclusion, and vilification. Widespread harm caused by coerced medical interventions leading to injury, death, and long-term health consequences, forced medical experiments in the form of mRNA vaccine deployment without sufficient safety or efficacy data, psychological warfare through fear campaigns and propaganda to enforce compliance, economic crimes, destruction of livelihoods, lockdowns, and restrictions led to the collapse of small businesses while disproportionately benefiting multinational corporations, fraudulent enrichment, pharmaceutical companies profited immensely from vaccine sales under contracts that shielded them from liability, economic coercion, citizens were forced to choose between vaccination, maintaining employment, violating economic and labor rights, five, domestic and psychological warfare, censorship and suppression, silencing, dissenting voices, experts and whistleblowers through media and big tech platforms, malfeasance in public office, abuse of power, enforcing mandates without sufficient scientific evidence or legislative scrutiny. Now this has come from the Defence Minister for Canada. Yeah, Head of Defence. Head of Defence for Canada. Now how can you hold a hearing with somebody who's accused of crimes like that? They don't have any standing, so I don't even know where we go from here.



 But he put the plea in. I can't plea. He put the plea in, it's not guilty. But no one can contact in the name of another. So it's a bit bizarre.



 Well, I think they're going to put me down for a jury trial. But I'd like to invoke me rights for the Bill of Rights as a trial by jury because if the members of the jury are on the elects or the register that would make them state-owned enterprises. So they won't be my peers. They'll be subjects in the Crown. Now a sovereign cannot be subject. So I need sovereign men of my jury. And I'm going to evoke me right to that.