 What if I told you that everything you know about energy is about to change? Imagine never having to stop for gas again. Never having to charge your car. Never having to worry about fuel prices.



 Sounds impossible, right? That's exactly what they said about

 about Tesla.



 The streets of Harare, Zimbabwe's capital erupted with celebrations and social media exploded in reactions. The energy companies went quiet.

 Meet Maxwell Chikunguso, a self-taught inventor from Zimbabwe who claimed to have invented a device that lets you drive your car or power your house without ever needing to visit the gas station or use conventional electricity.



 Chikomotsu wasn't launching a car. He was launching a technology that could be put into any car in the world.



 This is a generator. I think if you can go to the fridge you can see. It is going to plug in and you'll see that the fridge is going to be powered by a car. Like I said, you can buy a car. You don't need to have a generator to home. You use your car.



 He explained that the energy used in this innovation is called "microsonic energy." Now this energy is found in the air just like many other energies, like radiation energy. But then the energy is very minimal

 But Chikombutsu has found a way to amplify the radio waves and use it in large scale.



 This is our self-powered TV that we have designed.



 The first thing in the world to have such kind of a technology, where a television is powered with a radio frequency. So as you can see, right now I'm powering this television.

 Behind the television you can see that there is a microsonic energy device, this box. This is the device that is converting radio frequencies into pure energy. As you can see, the power of the cable was supposed to be here. On all traditional televisions, power comes here. But there is no power as you can see.



 You know how your radio picks up music from thin air. Those are radio frequencies, invisible waves travelling all around us. Chikombutsu figured out how to turn these waves into pure energy. Think of it like a radio that plays power instead of music.



 You see, Chikombutsu isn't just building one car. He has created something much more bigger, an energy system that could power any vehicle around the world. And he is really to partner with major auto manufacturers to transform the entire industry.



 One final check of the battery voltage revealed a shocking result. Not only had the machine outlasted the expected battery life, but the batteries were still fully charged.



 This proved that the device was being powered from an unknown energy source.



 10,000 United States dollars. That's the starting price of Markzoo Jikumbutsu's Microsonic energy-powered devices for vehicles



 The Vice Chancellor of the Harare Institute of Technology, Professor Engineer Quintin Kanhukamwe, has thrown his full support behind Maxwell, Chikombutsu's inventions,



 The elusive inventor finally made an appearance at the state house where he met Zimbabwe president, Edi Mungagwa, allaying all the fears that he was dead.



 Maxwell claimed he developed the car in partnership with the Chinese automaker, Ka'i. However, after checking their official website and social media accounts, I found no mention of any collaboration with him.



 I did a quick reverse image search and found an exact match being sold on Amazon under a different name.



 Maxwell also claimed that he tried to file a patent for his invention, but it was denied. If Maxwell's technology was truly groundbreaking, why was he denied a patent? According to him, it was denied because it defies the laws of physics.



 How do you protect our technology? That's why we took the participatory route. Our design is kept, the recipe is kept in three countries. And the people who are keeping it, they don't even know each other.



 And it is with a self-destructive technology. One of the 150 wires on this car, if you try to assemble five of them, we will classify. You destroy the microsonic device, both of the software and the hardware.



 So we put a small amount of it to detonate it, but that cannot harm anyone. But if you just try to deploy it, you deploy.