 So what is it now? 11, 11, 7.99,

 8, 8.9 So

 that's what happens sometimes, we're going to get close there, sometimes it goes lower



 What we're here for is a full council meeting and last time we were at one, they wouldn't allow my questions all to do with 5G and the effect it's having on the ovaries of young girls and women.



 It's in effect causing a total of alleviation of the youth because if the eggs are harmed in the DNA it's the eggs inside the eggs for the grandchildren of that child, they're not totally so we're looking at it as genocide basically.



 It's something else come up and it's the amygdala that's in the brain.



 The 5G destroys the cells, it brings them down so people's emotions, their ability to work things out will be getting destroyed.



 Now it's down, it's all written down, if the councilors want to look at it and read it they can. I don't really want to cause a scene like I did last time.



 I too must say... This is what you start. Yeah, sit down.

 I have a question tonight. Sit down. And it's more than a problem than any other question. The

 children from girls and girls' fish for us. The children from the young kids, their heads are getting radiated. By the chain of the microwave, there's a traffic in humanity under



 the ovaries there's 10 times the sensitivity of anywhere else and we don't know why that is, no one knows why,



 You're allowed to have one base of a thousand micro watts which is one megawatt. So all these girls are walking down the road and there's 20 megawatts coming at them,



 regarding the installation of 5G masts. These things are dangerous. They are emitting dangerous amounts that are invisible of ionising radiations, which are no good for anybody.



 if that child manages to have her own child, the chances of that grandchild having a baby of basically non-existence with the damage that's getting done.



 Just in this corner, they're a little bit easier. But over there, over on the corner, where them towers are, they go off the scale. They're 100 times more than is recommended with these meters.



 I want to know what's going on. I've got this nine-document paper here. Yeah. Which is telling us that the five G-masts are not good. Okay. I mean, it's more precise than that, but at the moment, it's not good. Okay. So I'm asking the likes of Mr. Esterson, especially Mr. Esterson, because he's my MP. Yeah. I want him to look into this, have a read of this. Okay. And get back to me and tell me what he thinks. Okay. This is you, yeah?



 don't know. It's money, probably, but we don't know. We don't even know if the 5G's on yet. And the reasons I'm getting are 100 times more than you're supposed to take. It's a disgrace and an abomination. And as I've said, it goes against the Northern Bay of colds. And it's a crime against humanity.



 It's about to be turned on today. Now, I'm concerned, again, personally, I've got children who live in Crosby, you know, the grown adults, but it's a concern. All this data is giving me a sleepless night, you know?

 Okay.

 And this is backed up by scientists. Uh-huh.