 there's another subscriber And his name is Reynard Wilson and he's got his own channel His channel is called Mind of Steel Mind of Steel. I'll leave the links below to his channel so you can check him out But he's a he's a critic. He's a rationalist. He's got and he's a comedian. So his channel is very funny I recommend it, but it's very cutting. He's very cutting. He criticizes people very harsh And he cuts down some of the people I like but nevertheless. He's very very funny And I hope to have a little chat with him one day But he's offered me again some very good criticism on my talks about the sovereign movement and and the legal system And of course my chat with sovereign Pete



 I'm talking to sovereign Pete And he is particularly expert in understanding the corruption the system the way the world works And the idea again, it's the idea but it's a it's a very rational idea very well researched And there's a lot of evidence for this So you've got to do your own research,



 Right, now this is what people do not understand about the dangers of actually registering your car. Because if you register your car, you've handed over ownership. You've given it to a corporation called United Kingdom and it has an agent, DVLA, agency, that runs that with the transport department within the corporation called the United Kingdom. You can see it all, it's a corporation. So what you've done, you've given it to the DVLA.



 And then you have to then get permission to drive government property and you have a license plate put on it. That's why it's called license. License means asking permission. And they tell you this. They literally tell you, the politicians tell you this. They say, we're gonna put a license plate on that car.



 You should have got that. So you should have got your Lamborghini with the MSO. You kept that, not registered it. Just drive it on the roads and then speed limits don't apply. You don't need a license. Parking tickets don't apply. ULS doesn't apply. You don't need MOTs. Road tax doesn't apply. You don't pay tax and VAT on the fuel anymore. So much simpler.



 If it's issued to you, then if I issue you with something, then I own it. I say you can borrow that. I'm issuing it to you. Think of it like when you go to in the army, they issue you with a uniform and you, yeah? So if anything is issued to you, like driver's license, passport, bank account, you don't own it.



 So it's issued to you. So the DVLA will issue me with one of their license plates and a document called the V5 logbook. And it will literally say on it that you are the registered keeper. Remember we were talking about legal titles earlier. And he'll even say, even if he's written in all caps, this is not proof of ownership. It will say on it.



 The DVLA is a corporation and guess what? It has a set of rules and it's called the Highway Code. And you've agreed to this. Now the speed limits do apply to you, because you're driving government property within their government jurisdiction. You've accepted the code. It's the same as if you go and work for McDonald's. If you work for McDonald's and McDonald's says, well, you got to wear a funny hat and you got to wear a uniform. You got to do it because it's their policy. You've agreed. So that's how they do it. They



 You pay for that to get the license. But here's the thing. Because the government knows this is a good money spinner, they will only ever allow 49% of the people to ever pass. So even if you are the best driver in the world and you do everything absolutely perfectly, if that driving instructor has passed his quota, you're going to fail.



 They can kick in your door if you are the registered keeper. And all they have to do is make a claim upon you that you are drink driving. That's it. They do not need a warrant. They can go in the house, kick your door in and drag you into a cell because you are the registered keeper.



 Yeah, toxic masculinity. No such thing. Yeah. No such thing. Completely made up.



 Here's the thing. If you start asking your Mrs. And you put her in a position of power like that, she will lose respect for you. Because the woman will turn around and say, "Well, if I can tell you what to do, then any other man can tell you what to do. And then, how are you going to protect me?"



 And women, by the way, they test you. They will test you. And the little sneaky test that women do is, when you're eating, right? You're eating. They'll try and nick a chip or something like that. Right? Now, a male will allow that. Man wouldn't. Man will, "Hey, put that chip back! Did I say you could take from my plate?" No.

 My wife only ever did it once.

 Well, that's right. You go, "What are you doing?"

 That's why I stabbed her in the finger. You shot her there.

 Yes, shot.

 Stabbed her with a phone.



 No, but here's the thing. It's not sexist in any way because, remember, what the man is doing, the man of his house has first title. The woman has second title, right? The reason being is because, remember what the man is saying? The man says, "Yes, you are under the protection of my jurisdiction of my house.



 So if I say, "Do this, do that," you just agree and you do it. Now, here's the thing. That's still not sexist. Why? Because the woman has the ultimate decision because she gets to pick the man she wants to marry.



 Now, for me to give that protection means I am first title of my house. My word is law. You must follow what I say because I am protecting you. And a good woman will accept that and a good woman will respect that. Like I say, women will test you and if you fail and you start asking the woman what to do, I'll say, "Can I do this? Can I go out with the boys on a night out?" The woman is going to lose respect because