 That's an organisation, a criminal corporation.



 So therefore you work for a criminal organisation.



 Michael was taken to court for riding his push bike. Now there was no verified criminal complaint. No one's made a complaint against him. It's a corporation, an agent for a corporation, a police constable who's supposed to be a constable, who's an officer, who's standing outside of his over office.



 All you are is a corporation listed on Dun & Bragg Street. Now we've got your corporation details, we've got your Dun & Bragg Street numbers, and we know your shareholders. So now you're in a position where you no longer work for the people,



 Now there's not one judge in this land, apart from a justice of the peace through the judiciary, that has authority to sign any warrant whatsoever. That's why you never have hands on a proper correct warrant that's got an embossed seal that's been signed by the judge who's ordered it.



 I've dismissed that case. So if I had authority in that court, and I dismissed the case, because I'm the attorney in fact for that corporation, and that entity on there, that corporate entity on there, is property of this trust.



 And if it's got no signature, and no emboss seal, that's fraud, yeah? And you've got no verified criminal complaint. So this is what we need to know, we need eyes on the warrant today. And I'm attorney in fact, so if that name is on that warrant, I've got, I'm the only one with authority to get eyes on that warrant now.



 There's never been an author of the warrants, which... Not me. Yeah, to beat the case law. In our class, first, my days in 2008, in the UK House of Lords, which is a higher jurisdiction than these courts, eh, they confirmed that there is no valid trial if the built enzymus has not been signed by an appropriate officer in the court, because Parliament has hinted that the enzymus be signed by a proper officer in the court. So without that, that result's in a void order,



 Well I was stopped here some time ago for, I went through a dead light and I wasn't driving, I was collecting his order, I wasn't in commerce.



 then he claimed I was not a local and my eyes were glazed.



 So he said, "Do you want to take a test?" and I said, "Are my blinds too?" He said, "Yes." I said, "No, no." I was travelling, it comes to be constitutional rights.



 So he was claiming I was driving and I wasn't in commerce, I was collecting his order from the dance class.



 So I went into court and I didn't take the name, it's a crime to take the commercial name because it's a crime property. So I asked several times for my rights of subjugation and he just kept ignoring me.



 So he's charged me with guilty, but it's parity because I don't want to take the name, I don't want to be associated with any organisations that are involved in treason and genocide.



 And obviously I'll appeal it, because I wasn't in commerce. It was me to claim I was in commerce. Very tame driving in Black Lives, someone who's employed. And I resigned from the Crown Corporation in disgusting 2022. So I don't know where, you know, it appears there's no law. You know, he's denying me right there.



 Yeah, so we'll just wait till the case then, now, eh?

 Yeah, 31st of March.

 Nice one.

 Sentence for alleged drink driving.



 don't know what I'm going to do. Obviously, the Crown owned this hearing, so I don't know whether to put an officer's decision on the driver's license, because I don't want to be associated with these criminals. You know, they're killing my people.



 But I think justice is coming. I believe, eh, I believe, eh, this is the previous court. It's just been outlawed in America, and I think I will fully follow suit. Hopefully,



 before 31st of March.