 I'm Gary Walsman, a former UK police constable. Hopefully you'll all be aware of the unusual fog that's been happening right around the world. When I first saw it on Boxing Day, I didn't, I wasn't even aware of what anyone else was thinking. And I looked at it and thought, my goodness me, this does not seem normal. I've not seen anything like this in my life. Now Manchester had around five days of this thick fog very, very recently. And people are now being asked to stay indoors for 48 hours. I suspect this is a cover to the threat to what they are potentially intending to do.

 Cities across the US and Europe, many of which rarely experienced fog are now blanketed in thick, eerie mists that refuse to lift even during daylight hours. What is this fog? Where is it coming from? And most importantly, why is it making people so ill?



 Well, I've had a correspondent from one of my lovely viewers, Sean, who tells us his thoughts on the fog. I realised that after day four of 24 hour fog, something was wrong.



 It wasn't normal. And a lot of people I've met that I don't know have had bad throats. Some very ill, especially over Christmas, Christmas Eve.

 And then just so happens that the time that they bring fucking smog to our fucking area, it's the time of feeling a bit under the fucking weather. Under the weather, bit of fog vid has had everyone up.



 Anyone thinks it's other than that fucking gray layer that's been down.



 Don't you think it's a bit fucking suspicious that everyone gets sick when that shit's down and then it lifts? All of a sudden, man's feeling fucking better straight away. But here,

 as it's being reported, a chat GDP and other AI programs are telling people that the fog is in fact artificial.



 So no chemicals to keep the temperature absolutely better. It's freezing. There's not a one. I'm being out the day. I'm being sprained a day. Guess what?



 Freezing. As expected.



 There's been loads of reports of chemtra residue being dispersed. It happened last year as well. And I feel like there's an unhealthy coincidence between all this stuff appearing since they got back from the final experiment. It's as if they went to Antarctica and dispersed this everywhere, which should be a bit of a pan, don't it?



 Like a 12-month pan.



 Could the fog be hiding more than meets the eye? Is it part of a larger coverup? Theories range from natural phenomena to unexplained activities, yet the silence from officials grows louder.



 Hey, this message is going out to anybody that's in the fog. If you have any electrical testing equipment like a volt meter or anything like that, you can test if there's electricity in that fog. I'd love to know.

 But does anybody else just feel like they should be walking around wearing a fucking gas mask? Like what is happening in the UK at the minute with the weather?



 There is something deadly in this fog. It is preceding the snow and coming mixed with it, and it will kill any pets that are left outside. I implore you, please use your platform to get word out before it's too late.

 It's not a fog causing brain fog. It's heavy metals and nano-bots and nano-strings and the nano-dust and smog. Yeah, not fog, it's smog.



 And it's a warfare for human augmentation. All you gotta do is look that up, folks. Human augmentation.



 The nano-fog is part of the same wireless sensor networks that we are using for particle swarm optimization. So in the same way, we can use those little foglets for anything that we want. It's a wireless sensor network.



 I was ill over Christmas, felt really awful. That fog and various things and made me feel wretched. Like this, oh God, the world is coming to an end. However, towards the end of that,



 Rachel Russell, who's been on the show, says, "Look, I've got a friend called Jamie and they make these tinctures, which are incredibly good for you."



 And I now suspect this is a very serious threat to mankind from these people. So I believe that you are all justified in disabling this technology as soon as possible.



 I advise everybody to disable these masks as a priority, okay, as a priority. And I wouldn't be saying this if I didn't think it was absolutely necessary.