 Hello and welcome back to the channel thank you for joining me in another of my videos today. So yesterday we looked at some chem trailing or at least an aircraft that was doing some very mysterious maneuvering and of course I had a flurry of emails on the back of that which I thought I would share and would just keep up this theme going because as I look out the window today it is another grey day. What are they doing? We had two days of sunshine down here on the south coast full days that is where obviously the pilots were having a day off or the planes were being refueled or serviced or indeed they were flying somewhere else. They seemed to be hard at it and still there are people out there thinking no no no this is just normal weather this is still normal weather well wake up ladies and gentlemen because the evidence is all over the place. So I'm indebted to a couple of people Stacey and Lyndon who got in touch today. First of all let's have a look at Stacey says she says after watching your latest video on cloud seeding I took it upon myself to do my own reconnaissance. After a few moments on a quick google search I found that RVL aviation are known for cloud seeding and she gives a screenshot which we'll have a look at in a second. She says I've also attached a flight path of the most recent event of what they've done on the 31st which was yesterday as I record this. That's the 31st of January we are in the 1st of February as I record this. Although the evidence is there for people to see freely the higher powers still believe that we're blind to reality. I wonder if they are thanks very much she says keep up the good work. Yes that is a very interesting thing are they actually blind to it. I apologize for my red eye by the way my full size causing me a bit of jip this morning it's probably all the rubbish that they're spraying down in the skies. But anyway let's have a look at the stuff that she sent in. So here's a flight path on what is that plane finder or something.



 So you can see again the blue is the the flight path going off and if I add one here you can see the same old pattern coming in flying around flying around there's another one flying around flying around and there you go you can see all of these things and people are noticing this all over the place which is absolutely fascinating we'll take them off and she says here we go what does RVL Aviation do with cloud seeding? Well RVA Aviation uses aircraft to disperse substances into clouds to influence weather patterns. RVL Aviation also offers cereal spraying services for other purposes such as oil spill response. Do we get much oil spill these days? Not a lot but their planes do seem to be out a lot. What other services do they provide? Let's just see if I can shunt that up a bit.



 What other services? Aerial Survey apparently provides aerial services service aerial survey services using aircraft modified to carry sensors like cameras thermal sensors and LIDAR LIDAR is it? Passenger and Cargo Charter and aircraft modifications offers temporary and permanent aircraft modifications for project work. What would that be? Chem trailing possibly?



 Anyway that's I guess that came from their website so who knows what that is about. So so far so interesting let us let us now just go back and have a look at what Linden had to say and he sent me he sent me this let's just bring this up he says I thought I would share these documents which gives an insight to the geoengineering programs by the UK government. This also part is also part of the parish climate agreement there is no denying what they're doing from the attached documents and he just sent me a document which we'll have a quick look at here in a second.



 Their reasoning is to cool the earth down by reflecting sunlight away and removing the greenhouse gases. SMR solar radiation management it's called. This is why the skies are so gray due to the limitation of sunlight getting through these programs. Yeah great you know what about us do we not have a say in what's going on? Apparently not. Apparently we're all mute and we're not allowed to say anything. The planes also fly vertically now and we'll see a picture of that. I forget where I put it but we will have a look at it in a second. I'd not seen that before if you'd seen that that would be fascinating to see. Yes I captured a video of this a few months ago so I've only got a still frame of it not the video. Why what are they what they're doing is very dangerous as they are manipulating the earth's ecosystem as well as polluting the environment with poisonous materials killing crops affecting the food supply and the food chain and people's well-being health through the lack of vitamin D. They then reverse the blame and state it's climate change and people's health is due to the due to is poor due to pandemics thus needing vaccination. A perfect storm of control and appliance. Sorry I didn't read that terribly well but never mind you've got the gist of that. So let's have a look and see what he has sent me. He sent me this picture first of all. Let's have a look at the picture of the plane going up. Here it is.



 That is a plane going vertical and I guess in the video you'll be able to see that a lot more but it's going yeah vertical. So they're getting I guess a lot more thickness on all the stuff that they are spraying into the atmosphere and of course they may say that this is they're using the same old excuse it's climate change so therefore we need to block the sun but actually it's what is the stuff that's being put into that that they're spraying that is sprinkling down on us killing the crops making us ill plus the vitamin D. They really don't like us do they these people who've got all the power and money and everything else and yet for some reason we continue to fund them by paying the taxes that we do. I don't know why we do that. Not all of us are of course some of us are resisting that because we don't want to kill people. It's not just the money going towards wars where innocent men women and children are in the crossfire but it's also this war against us from these so-called people who are doing it. The sad thing is the people flying the airplanes you know they'll get out the airplane the other end and it's still sprinkling down on them the pilots the people who make the stuff in the factories wherever that is they're still getting attacked you know people are building the prison people are building the poisons and they don't seem to realize that it is damaging them their families their friends everybody every pilot he may not be married he may not have kids or she but they would have had a mum and a dad and they're killing them killing them softly with their spraying.



 Let's have a look at this other document that's just come in that Lyndon very kindly sent which is from as you can see here the Department of Business Energy and Industry Strategy the Department for Ending the World sorry that's me the UK government's view on greenhouse gas removal technologies and solar radiation management what are they and you can presumably download this from the the government website greenhouse gas removal that's GGR they do like their little letters and things don't they and solar radiation management SRM the anachronyms are terms describing a range of technologies that aim to counter human caused climate change human caused yes look at that by deliberate large-scale intervention in the earth's natural systems yet who gave them permission how many people on the earth gave them permission to do that you know what they just taken it into their own oh yeah we'll sort out that you carry on farting and creating a greenhouse gas and you know opening those bottles of sparkling water that have carbonated water in it you know that's all part of the problem as well as everything else all the engineering that goes on in the world and will just destroy the world so GGR technologies actively remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere examples include affestation bioenergy and carbon capture and storage direct air capture and storage and marine fertilization these those are that specifically remove the carbon dioxide from the atmosphere also known as carbon dioxide removal technologies oh another bloody acronym here CDR yeah great thanks very much basically you know the gas of life they are trying to get shot of if we just come down here our priority is to tackle the root cause of climate change by reducing emission emissions of greenhouse gases from human activities right you know bollocks basically why are they needed in order to deliver on the commitment of the UK made by signing the Paris agreement in the UK has legislated a net zero emissions well who did we all get a referendum on that by the way excuse me our independent advisors oh yeah you mean these probably people who are paid huge sums of money to lie the committee of climate change yeah have made it clear that GGRs whenever the hell they are we saw them earlier and I can't remember will be essential to releasing this to realizing this target to kill everybody in the world and make them sorry to offset remaining emissions in the sectors where it is most difficult to cut them yes in other words they are going to destroy the planet destroy life on the planet and then they'll live down in a bunker for a bit which will be highly entertaining for them I'm sure with all their orgies and everything else they get up to and and then when they come back life will be pretty barren they just basically want to end the world isn't it this is what this is and end all life on the world and they don't give a monkeys about anybody else and at some point at some point I presume when we can't breathe and we're ill and we're on our the dying throws will the majority of the population go oh those conspiracy theorists were right maybe that's what's going to happen let's hope not let's hope that people are beginning to look up and going why are we only getting like one or two days of sun in a month what's happened you know there are plenty of old people I know they're trying to shuffle them off but there are plenty of old people who do remember say the 1960s the 1950s and say well when I was young there was sunshine they're trying to make out that sunshine did not exist and that people don't think about it it's ridiculous absolutely ridiculous it's it's harming everybody it's killing the planet it's got to stop sooner or later it's got to stop and if people don't do something about it I don't know what will happen but anyway I'll leave that with you thank you for watching I'll see you next time