

 Hello and welcome back to the channel. Now you may already know this, you may have already seen it because it's on the BBC, the British Broadcasting Corporation, the bastion of truth, where everybody goes to find out exactly what is going on because of course they know and they will disseminate the news to you in factual chunks. And they're slightly concerned that people like me and many others have been craning our necks, looking up at the sky and going, "Ooh, hang on a second, what are those streaks through the sky that the back end of aeroplanes seem to be chucking out more than just contrails? They seem to be chucking out some weird sort of metal or clouds of dust that seem to form and then blanket the sky very quickly afterwards." Many of us have been calling that geoengineering and perhaps we're using it by the more popular name of chemtrails, chemical trails in the sky. Now the BBC are not saying that's not actually happening, no, they are saying that it might actually be good for the planet. They're saying that we're a bit nutty for thinking that perhaps there's allomillium in there or there's poisons or there's perhaps stuff that was in a medical intervention there and is dropping down and we're all breathing that in as some people are declaring. They're saying that's all rubbish but this could be the solution to call the planet. Let's just have a look and see what they are actually saying. So this is on the BBC News website and I'll put a link in the description for you to have a little gander at and you can make up your own mind. But let's just have a little look. I know a number of people are probably already reporting on this. Conspiracy theories swirl about geoengineering. But could it help save the planet? Well, it may do. Who knows? Let's have a look. So it's written by Simon King who's a lead weather presenter for the BBC and he says this. If we can't control rising global temperatures by drastically cutting carbon emissions, could something called geoengineering be a way to call the planet? Are they right? But let's hang on. Just one second. One second before we even go any further. Hang on a minute. There is something in that statement that might not be necessarily true. It might not be. He says if we can't control rising global temperatures by drastically cutting carbon emissions.



 So what is he saying? That it's CO2. The gas of life is being raised into the atmosphere. My God, isn't that what we need? Are we not carbon based life forms? It's not the myth of global warming, the man made part of global warming that it's all our fault for driving diesel or petrol cars or having gas boilers or having something like a log burning stove at home. All the big industries that are chucking out all sorts of different chemicals into the atmosphere but mostly CO2. It's all our fault. Is this not actually not really yet proven 100% that it is changing the weather? There's a lot of debate about it although everybody that you know in the mainstream media will say no no no the science is fixed. Is it? When was science fixed? We kind of got told that about a certain medical intervention. That it was all just a matter of time.



 And those people who had a different opinion say people with the Barrington Declaration were saying that natural immunity was actually quite a good idea. They were all poo pooed and it now turns out that that science was not quite as fixed as everybody thought that we will believe the science because the speed of science is somehow very important. Whatever the speed of science actually means. Anyway, let's go back on and see what else this chap is saying. In what is already a multi-billion dollar industry he says scientists around the world including those in the UK, by the way the UK is not really a place is it? It's just a corporation. It's a concept. United Kingdom. It's just a concept. He may mean England and Wales. Perhaps he means Scotland or all these other countries but he calls the UK as everybody does but that isn't actually a real place. It's a UK. It's a corporation. It's a business. But anyway, that's a mute place. That's a mute point at this stage. He says are researching geoengineering, ways of manipulating the climate to tackle global warming. What the hell are they doing in my humble opinion? Mucking about with the weather. That's what I would like to ask. Anyway, some experts are concerned that there are too many risks associated with it. Yes, and I would be one of those, not that I'm an expert. I would be concerned. I have concerns.



 Fearing that it could mess the global weather patterns or actually warm some regions, not cool them. Yeah, quite right. There could be problems. I think we're seeing that. As the industry grows so have conspiracy theories. Now in recent time those people who have believed that conspiracies are going on, that they have a theory that a conspiracy is happening. It does seem that these conspiracies, people conspiring, say, to do things detrimental to people such as giving them medical interventions that we're told are supposed to be good for us and then it turns out they're not. Or those people conspiring to, I don't know, knock down a couple of towers in America going back a few years that actually was really not about airplanes hitting it but in order to start a war and to start making some money for more corporations. But anyway, let's carry on and see what else this chap has to say. He says that as the industry grows we have conspiracy theories. BBC Weather has seen a large increase in social media comments going around geoengineering since January, accusing us of covering up secret projects and wrongly blaming geoengineering for the cool and wet weather we've recently had.



 Worldwide there has been twice as many mentions of geoengineering this year on X, formerly known as Twitter, than the last six months in 2023. Well of course that's because people are waking up and going hang on, what are you doing to the skies? You do seem to be dimming them. And if you're going to do all this geoengineering in which you're going to try and do some solar radiation and push the sunlight back by blocking the sun from coming in, what's the point of anybody trying to have a solar panel on their own personal roof or indeed swathes of the countryside being handed over, not for farming by the way, which is a very important thing so that we can actually eat and survive, but to be covered in solar panels, which are obviously now going to get no solar energy or very little to make any of that worthwhile, anybody investing in that, because they're dimming the sky and not letting the sunlight through this mythological business of man-made global warming. It does sound a little bit freakish if you ask me, but no the BBC are saying, well there might be some good in all of this. Yeah, go on then, I could do with a good laugh. Let's have another little gander then, shall we? Anyway, it goes on really to say it's less weird than it seems. It sounds like the stuff of science fiction, but the idea of reflecting solar radiation, the technical term for sunlight, is not as crazy as it might sound and sometimes happens in the natural world. Well, yes, it does sometimes happen in the natural world, you're quite right, but not very often and it would be stupid if we were to block out the sunshine. And then there's this business about how geoengineering could cool the atmosphere.



 So stratospheric aerosol injection, planes release tiny particles to reflect solar radiation back to space in the stratosphere. Marine cloud brightening, boats release aerosols to make clouds more effective. Notice that's not to scale. These solar things that are being put into the sky, these little particles obviously are not whatever that is, are 20th the size of the boat, otherwise we would see them. But en masse in millions, they would do exactly that. Marine cloud brightening involves spraying very fine saltwater, it says, from a boat towards low level clouds above the ocean to enhance their brightness and reflectivity. Yes, so in other words, we'll go and block out the sun and we can see, you know, there they are with their sprays. But is that exactly what is going on? We, of course, we've had pilots on my show revealing the stuff that is actually being sprayed. We've seen people desperately trying to use things like white vinegar to get rid of these things and that does seem to be making some difference in it. The idea that we would muck about by injecting anything, any particles of any nature into the atmosphere, because we do know, do we not know that what goes up comes down, that people will be starting to breathe in things? Are they really as stupid as all that as to think, no, no, it won't have any harmful effect on humans? How do we know? Where are the tests? Where's the evidence? Where who's taking liability if one person gets ill, if one person dies? Who's taking the liability? Who's going to go to prison? What individual person or man or woman who signed off this, who from these corporations are doing, are going to take that personal liability to say, do you know what, this is so safe that nobody will die, that I am willing to put my signature to this and that if anybody did, I would definitely be up there to say, yes, I am responsible for manslaughter if somebody should accidentally breathe in something that we've pumped into the atmosphere. That's what I would love to know. Who is taking that liability? Not the company, not hiding behind corporations and all this sort of nonsense. Who? And have we seen those signatures? And has anybody actually been asked individual people who are walking about on the land in this country or anywhere in the world, have you been petitioned by our servants, by the government, by these companies who are saying we're going to go and spray whatever it is? How about some people might say, do you know what, I don't mind a bit of CO2 in the atmosphere. Do you know what, I want to see the sunshine, I want to have vitamin D. I know how important it is to our bodies to be exposed to vitamin D and not have somebody else with their strange theories to say, no, we know better than you, we have authority over you and we are going to clog the sky and not permit you to have now. We are going to permit you to have natural sunlight. Not only are you not allowed to have natural sunlight, but you can't generate any electricity to power your houses and all the rest of it and create any heating and cook your dinners because you've all been persuaded to go to electricity. But not only that, we're not going to permit plants to grow or insects to thrive, pollinators to continue to keep farming alive. No, no, no. We're going to spray this atmosphere so that you cannot survive. And by the way, it's all right. It's perfectly safe, but no one's actually going to sign any liability, no liability insurance. There's no one to sue. There's no one to say, hold on a second, my son, daughter, brother, granny, whoever has been impacted by this and I'm taking you to court. Who do we take to court? Nobody has ordered this. And yet the BBC,



 the British Broadcasting Corporation, seem to think that it's absolutely perfectly all right for us to go meddling about in the atmosphere and muck about on the basis of some science which has yet to be proven to be anything near true that a lot of people and a lot of scientists dispute anyway, that global warming is a thing that we need to worry about. The Maldives, which we were told generations ago, we're going to disappear under the under the waves are still there that we don't have enough co2 in the atmosphere anyway. We've already got, I think something like 0.04 parts per million in the atmosphere, which is very, very small. We'll say, oh, but that's like something like whatever it is in the percentage 400% or something. I can't remember what the figures are at the top of my head, but we'd say very, very small and they're trying to get it lower and lower. Yeah, do any lower and we're all going to suffer not only from the lack of sunshine, but the lack of carbon, the gas of life. It is the most preposterous idea. However, you may have a difference of opinion and you're very welcome to that difference of opinion. If you're enjoying these sort of shows that I do and you want to support me by helping me buy some silver to keep myself going. Should everything collapse and the pounds and the fiat currency disappear, there is a link below. Unfortunately, YouTube now have made my links unclickable. So you have to copy the link and put it in, but you can buy a voucher and when it accrues to a certain amount, a tiny little amount of silver will come to me. So it doesn't go through the banks. It isn't fiat currency and it keeps us out of the system. If you'd like to support me, you're very welcome. Thank you very much. The link will be in the description. Of course, it may not be clickable because of the reasons I've just described. So it may end up as a tiny URL, copy and paste it and read the article for yourself and let me know what you think. Thanks for watching.